Tengo que hacer un guion de personas cagandose a bolazos y creyendoselos. Explicando cosas exageradas y reaccionando normal. 


When thinking about an idea, think about what kind of God moulds that universe. Going from Unity to multiplicity, coming back to unity. 


For the world to make sense, you have to start in unity. Multiplicity can only be its consequence. 


Me aburre que todo el tiempo me saquen de lo que estoy haciendo.


Simply experience yourself.


Que haces bro. Necesito descansar los ojos. 


"I’m dealing with it now by understanding and exploring dialetheias. For me, knowledge (in all of its forms) is the only thing keeping me from ending it. Hope this rambling helps you."


"Boredom relates to attention: Bored people don't just have nothing to do, they want to be stimulated but are unable to connect with their environment."


Optimise the mathematical patterns of your mind.


You are looking at reality through a pinhole. Morgue.


Cómo acabamos con esta verga de una vez por todas? Ez pz.


I just seem to forget everything I know.


Podes cerrar los ojos y representar las cosas tal cual las viste, o distorsionarlas.


La intuición intelectual la usamos también para movernos en el lenguaje.


Everything is good.


El problema de discutir es que después no los querés ver.


La form de leer cosas es suscribiendote a los emails de cosas que si te interesan.


Absorbe what is done to you so you can make them weaker.


Escribo sobre lo que me es contemporáneo. 


Cryptic is what's hidden.


You can tell how someone thinks by what they speak.
The what implies a how.**


Seek what the ancients sought.


I'm gonna speak the same as others who did before me, as that is the tragedy of truth.


How could you not respect limits and expect others to be grateful.


The philosophical ocean.


We are really bad at preventing a downside.


Conocimiento y amor propio. Responsabilidad.


Let your plans be dark and impenetrable as night, and when you move, fall like a
thunderbolt - Sun Tzu


There is a war going on, even If many fail to realise it. Even if many can’t see what it is about. Now, wars are individualistic. Individuals make agreements with each other. Minds alike group and fight together. But it is a war of information. It is not peaceful, but psychological. Powers revolving around the sun.


El conocimiento es acumulativo. Entonces, no hace falta más que empezar. 


Weed not to activate, but as a reward. I proved to myself I can still write without it. I can still see what's on my mind. And contemplate. But I can't take action with it, so I won't consume it daily. 


Le pedí a mí hermana que descargue esto por si me muero y no llegó a terminarlo. Este va a ser el trabajo de toda una vida. De la multiplicidad a la unidad.


I was waiting for a meteor to come.


Be alone, that is the secret of invention; be alone, that is when ideas are born. Nikola Tesla.


Solid as a rock. Philosopher's stone is unity.


A veces tengo recuerdo en sonido. 


La memoria es líquida. What you see through is blurry and dense.


El conocimiento es acerca de todas las capas intermedias.
Capas, sobre capas, sobre capas.


I don't want to excelence. I want true expression. Chaotic order. Imperfeccion.


Respiro corto y rapido para liberar las fosas nasales. En menos de un minuto puedo sentir los aromas sutiles.


Lo personal es politico es lo que dicen los intolerantes. Lo personal es personal. Politico lo hacen para desacreditar la validez de lo personal.
Si me causa gracia Caseros y no ya Capussotto, no es por hacer politica. Es porque Caseros es gracioso y Capussotto una re verga. 


Soy una tumba.


What applies to all is true to all.


Enjoy a glass of water.


De esta vida soy observador. Dispuesto a sufrir por arte.


La musica es (para) siempre.


I don't look through my third eye. My third eye looks at me.


I search for who else knows what I now know instead of who's like me.


Un ídolo es un falso dios.


Los héroes no son modelos de conducta.


Mito de Eneas.


Cómo las dos posibilidades son igualmente posibles (azar), las dos suceden. Quizás dios sabe de qué lado caen las fichas.


Los ciudadanos todos creen que no hay ley.


Uno procede no por desear ser feliz sino a pesar del sufrimiento. 


I will lose many of my friends. I believe I already lost.


Si yo moría hoy mis escritos se perdían para siempre porque a quien los confiaba me dio la espalda. Confié en ella con mi vida. Esto es otra advertencia.


Que voy a hacer porque me rechacen? Dejar de escribir? Eso no voy a hacer.


I'm duality. Not because I'm dubious. But because I am all. But duality is multiplicity. Is the start of multiplicity. But we, individuals, we are unity. 


Es mas lo que puedo hacer siendo reconocido que no siendolo. Mientras tanto, el misterio se mantiene infinito. Tengo mas, solo que es esoterico. Eso no se ve, ni aunque quisiera mostrarlo. Eso no se explica tampoco de una sola sentada. 


The pain of losing a friend compares to nothing. Even more when the problem is the expression of the self. We are nature, even if we pretend we are not. We are God, even if we pretend we are not. We are godhead. We are the reflective. 


The second half of your life is like the first but older. 


Onthologies. Non idealist. 
The problem of consciousnes.
Classical and Quantum worlds. 


You can meditate on the most stupid things and get the deepest truths. 


It is hard to comprehend now how is it that we can so succesfully ignore what we trully are. 


How far could you push without getting resistance? 


I'm not getting anything that does not come my way. I do not want it. I do not needed. I work in myself and what has to come will come. I'll change the world by changing myself because that is its inevitable consequence. 


I think I'm actually better at writting than when I'm on weed. But on weed I'm better on insights. It is the man of action opposed to the man of contemplation. Psychodelics are supposed to make us contemplate what we haven't contemplated before. 


I write mostly in english because I do not have the [áéíóúñ].


Rejecting what is most importnt to me is proof enough that my friendship is no longer needed. I accept it. I'll move on. Just a little hole in the heart. But we do not engange in relationships to be complete. We don't seek happiness. We seek to suffer in the best manner we find possible. 
What are the holes of the heart in the cabala? I once heard the rabbi talk about it. 


Not a conspiranoid, even if conspiracy is all around me. Not conspiranoid because I do not waste my time in that. Time is limited and it is not for what is important.


La diferencia entre el espiritu tradicional y el espiritu moderno es la que hay entre la de mirar la calle antes de cruzar o no querer cruzar porque el semaforo esta en rojo. 


No voy a privarme de escribir nada, porque lo hago por propia voluntad. Voy a privarme de responder lo que no quiera responder, porque de eso se trata ser yo y no otro. De la piel para adentro, soy mi propio soberano. 


It is hard to fish memories at will. Names, mostly. I imagine myself not managing to remember the names of friends I haven't seeen in years. 


Tenes que tocar fondo para salir porque de ahi tenes algo solido con lo que empujar y propulsarte hacia la superficie. 


Todo lo que es consciente puede ser incosnciente y entendido como lo comprendido y no lo comprendido. 
No hay consciencia sin comprension. Es por eso que el metodo de aprendizaje es el de hacer consciencia. 


El tema con los fanaticos religiosos es que quieren que solo tengamos consciencia de Dios. Y la comprension que conlleva no es mas que la de una imagen paternalista. 


I know what it means. Even if it hurts. Heartbreaks are part of life, of engaging with others. Everythings could come to me. But I choose what gets in and what doesn't.


Make a habit of absorbing art. It makes you comperehend subtleties. 


Pain and fear woke me up. Boredom shut me down. My self made me live.


Reto a cualquiera cualquiera a que escriba el resto de su vida parrafos acerca de los entendimientos de los procesos mentales, sin llegar a las mismas conclusiones a las que he llegado yo. 


Nunca se que regalar porque cuando tengo que, no me acuerdo. Tengo, en vez, que escribir 
Regalos para mi viejo. 
Maquina de escribir.
Zapatillas de correr. 
Aspiradora para el auto. 


Weed lets you let go. Letting go is the principle of flow. 


Contemplate to see subtleties. 
 
Cual es la conclusion que va a sacarme para siempre de esta condicion? La conclusion de que todo es una malla, incluido el propio cuerpo. Insecurities are in the place of what ideals won't fit. 


God is in the continuity.


Close your eyes but keep seeing. Your eyes produce light even when you are not watching.


Stress can make up things.
Stress was the beginning.


Al cigarro hay que ponerlo a la vista. Para ver cuando se apaga. Para tambien inhalar el humo por la nariz. Sentir el aroma. 


Partiendo de lo que no podes saber se saben todas las cosas. 


What is the difference between imagination and memory. He who understands this, can eventually understand all. 


"I want to strange the stars for all that they've done to me". Recoil.


It is a matter of dark hearts. 


Fire will consume you. 
Water will drown you. 
Wind will deviate you. 
Earth will suffocate you. 


You are God because nothing is real unless you make it. 


 They go past intention because letting go is fun. Resistance is no longer there. Transcendence can be achieved in the action realm and the contemplation realm. 


Comparing words with one another will get you the answers you need. 


Comprar teclado separado. Left hand, right hand. 


Arquetipos son los preconceptos por los cuales los conceptos tienen sentido. 


Symbology makes one of all. 


Shortbreathing techniques. 


Heroes are tricked into the story in which they are protagonists. 


In every story there is deception and truth. 


I am a strong believer in everything. I risk it just to contemplate it. Just to find out the truth contained. 


Nacemos en un mundo que pretende que nos dejemos abusar por la autoridad. 


Confusion is unmeasurable, yet, it exists. But where, exactly. Or where does mind store the things it is conscious of?
If spirit is time. Memory is spirit expressing through mind. We can't know body without mind, or spirit without mind. 


Lo unico que se me ocurre es que lo que leyo le haya espantado tanto que no haya querido tener nada que ver con eso. Aceptar la separacion sin despedidas. Como la desaparicion frente a la muerte y el funeral. 


Me quedo en Gualeguay para enseñar a mis viejos a pensar con el espiritu primero. 


"I love the sound of you walking away."


Store little details so you can get from the tip of the branch, to the tip of its root. Trees are the perfect example of our selves. Mirrored. One reaching the sky. One reaching the depth of the earth. Ever growing. Getting more and more solid. 
What part of the root feeds what branches of the tree? Same for  brain and body. 


Anxiety in the ar is trust issues and fear of death combined. 


Disgusting things can be funny. Others can be terrifying. 


Un suicida rompiendo el cascaron. 


All writting is cryptic. 


Knowledge takes time to sink in.


Bandas que le gustan a mama. 
Franz Ferdinanz. 
Brandon Flowers. The Killers. 
Cuarteto de Nos. 
Tan Bionica.


I don't need time, I don't need time. 


The kit for the silent musician. Silent rubber pad. Silent guitar. Silent voice. Where can one go to scream and make noise freely? 


They got sick of having no authority.


Quien no escribe no se sincera.


Grandes moteros, toros salvajes.


To see people you love destroy themselves is hard to accept. 


Ser amable pero acertivo.


Ninguna de mis palabras es para alguien ajeno a mí mismo y sin embargo sería también de cualquiera en quien resuenen.


Vacaciones de qué.


Si fuera por mí, no me enojaría nunca más.


No reaccionar te hace ver, en ojos de otros, como un anormal.


Cómo nada de lo que hago es porque sí, todo lo que hago tiene un propósito. 


What's dangerous can be traumatizing if you still fear death's virtuality.


The Atlas Society.
1984.


Tus mejores amistades podrían también tus mejores enemistades.


Thankful for all those people life put in my way to support me when I wanted to be dead the most.


Heroine's path. How's that less of a story? Feminine is magic and magic the most powerful.


Falacia ad ignorantiam aplica también para aquello en lo que no creo que no puede probar porque no sé cómo podría probarse. Obviamente, si lo ignoro. 


Por fuera de la experiencia no hay nada.


Yo le llamo despertar a lo que me abre los ojos y me hace pensar, a partir de entonces, con mayor inteligencia.


Six Things Mentally
Strong People Do
1. They move on. They don't waste time feeling sorry for themselves.
2. They embrace change. They welcome challenges.
3. They stay happy. They don't waste energy on things they can't control
4. They are kind, fair and unafraid to speak up.
5. They are willing to take calculated risks.
6. They celebrate other people's success. They don't resent that success.


Un marinero nunca muere, solo hace su último viaje.
Marines never die, they just fade away


El enojo no puede impulsarte para siempre. El enojo se acaba y fomentarlo es un error.


Elijo el tipo de dolor que quiero: el de la soledad y la sincera expresión.


In an abstract sense I'm moving forward.


Proving existence is as hard as proving the spirit.
If it is, where is it?


Is science explaining the place where  consciousness lies.


Words are containers.


Este es momento de escribir compulsivamente.


Cada vez me pregunto por qué tal o cual cosa pareciera no tener sentido, y la respuesta siempre es una ley. Así es como te das cuenta que es político.


Me estoy transformando en mi abuelo. Estoy, mejor dicho, reencarnándolo.


The right one can stop the rage and pain.


Find your soul tribe. Is there such a thing in actuality?


Thought makes everything virtually closer.


Nunca nada de lo que digo es necesariamente verdad.


What gets you back is always familiar.


What is not fair is to say that we chose things we didn't know, could control.


Creation over consumption.


God is nothing but the mysteries of (that come with) existence. Mystery is, in its essence, a negative. God is all the negative. All that it is not, for things to be what they are.


God is empty just like me.


Samples have to be memes from pop culture.


Los políticos de profesión no proyectan más que su propio futuro.


Al agua se accede por grietas en la tierra.


Dive in the water with the pockets filled with stones.


Cerrar la anteúltima posición, cuando le última esté en rojo y la anteúltima en verde.


Quien debería hacer qué y quién cree, podría determinarlo?


We are here to save ourselves.


Discipline for when you can't rely on motivation.


La regla de los límites es hacerse responsable de las propias acciones y emociones y no hacerse responsable de las acciones y emociones de nadie más.


You can't override emotion. So how exactly do you teach your body to behave differently? You can't. You just know your body as if it was independent from you. You can know that overthinking emotions won't change anything. But put them into perspective. How intense do you think an emotion can be, given that is relative to every other thing that you are feeling? So, for that, I practice grattitude. 


What makes sense and doesn't isn't defined in the first draft. 


https://open.spotify.com/track/0OcW6k1AZqlALuYZEo2wZQ?si=Ye-_Rk5RS7W-PHvSVQMb5Q&utm_source=copy-link
For the body what is of the body. Training and cold showers.


The four realms: emotion, mind, body and spirit. Spirit and emotion belong to different realms of experience. The realms are the filters through which we experience reality, that is also another realm of matter, outside of what our any of our aspects can reach. 


If i'm not alone I cannot die. After death comes rebirth.


A realm as the dimension in which a thing exists. 


Inspiring is to think in the origins of everything that it is beautiful.


Prayers go within.


The better the abstract thinking, the smarter you get. 


Relation between religiousness and intelligence? 


Value is not aesthetic.
 
Sol naciente y sol poniente. 


Pensar es lo mas lindo que hay porque es toda mi participacion en este mundo. Aunque sea accion, es de donde toda accion parte. Aunque no comprenda mi accion, se de donde proviene, cual es su origen. 


Before relapsing, consult the sources you trust for motivation or disciplinary habits and tips. 


Disorder needs order and order needs disorder. 


Failing is overthinking the right approach. There is no right one. There are many. All equally unmattered. 


Think long term so short term you won't have to. 


I make up words beause what they mean is more important. 


Get creative with your yoga. Get creative with your rituals. Get creative with your calisthenics excercise. Get creative with life. Creativity, the source of all. 


Multiplicity comes from creativity. "In the beginning, God created". Manifestation goes from contemplation to action. Contemplation, the source of creativity. 


Under what skin am I today, tomorrow and the days after? 


Spirituality gives you the power to think creatively about forces.


"Why do I feel bad all the time?" Has a an answer that splits in all four realms. 


Interactive offline website. Highlight what has contained in it. 


People tend to dislike someone as soon as they find out their political ideology. As if the one you like to begin with had nothing to do with their ideologies. What someone thinks or believes is a whole. There is a reason you like the ones you like and you dislike the ones you dislike. There is a reason why poetry and art can't be as sensitive.


What you see is part of the whole. 


Golf is a lifetime sport. 


I write about things I do not do or think of doing. There is no time to doing all. 


No planetary allignement can  make a thing happen without a personal decision in between. 


Enjoy a glass of water as if it was a glass of whisky. Same respect. Same rhythm. 
 
It's now that I write that I realise how much of a story i have lived.


Maquina de escribir Underwood.


Going to the woods is going home.


Spirit involves all that is cyclical.


Things have to change for good.


Paragraphs can be compiled however the director intended.


Queria saltar el alambrado y no podia. 
Era una mision tipo de inflitrarse y que se yo. En una casa de campo. Tipo resident evil 7. Habia un gato abierto colgando de la vnentana en el primer piso. Adentro, un o na cientifica loca estaba como en una mesa de autopsias. Hice ruido, el gato al detectarme hizo que la cirujanaa nos descubriera. 
Me fue a busccar tipo dishonored. 
No recuerdo con queien estaba pero habia alguien mas. 
No podia volear la pata por el alambrado. Queria agarrarme de un palo y saltarlo, pero era altisimo. En el auto, esperando estaba no se quien. Esto era un campo, de dia, un solazo. No recuerdo que fuimos a buscar. En una segunda vida, porque era tipo videojuego, en vez de descubrirme a mi lo descubren a mi companero, un tipo enorme (uno de los tres tipos que habia en la casa) con la cara deformada y midiendo mas de dos metros, y lo mata. Despues me ve a mi, y yo teniendo la posibilidad de renunciar al juego, deje que se acercara y me matara a mi tambien. No recuerdo haber sentido miedo.
En el auto estaban las chicas, que chicas no se, y adentro de la casa el novio de una con otra chica mas. No recuerdo ningun rostro pero se que los tenian. Habia alrededode al auto tambien mas personas amigas mias en la vida real. 
Antes entramos a una casa. Era enorme y esta como abandonada (ahora lo pienso y me recuerda a la casa de Aldana Dus) y estaba un loco que habia conoocido la noche anterior, al saludarme me dijo que recien se levantaba. Estaba roto el loco de la noche anterior.


War has already started, even If no one has openly declared it yet.


Han filtrado una cuestión de dinámica desde una perspectiva individual.


Coming to consciousness is inevitably painful. But it's inherent to the process. Pain itself won't make you conscious. 


To react to things you need to have them in your mind.


Apostar al perdedor, es quien tiene mayor potencial de cambio.


There is momentum. In a punch. The bruce lee movement happens even when the movement is complete. It happens at a certain point. Maybe after the shoulder moves. 


God is emptiness. 


I'll stop smoking to not weaken my heart.


God is mind.


Mind is the tool. Spirit is the content.


Read hymns on paradise to understand the symbolism of the tree.


Trees separate the waters. Upper waters. Downer waters. 


Making up words because I want to. Cannot waste time thinking the right word. As soon as I can know what I meant, It is alright. 


Put the puzzle tgether. 


Phenomenology. 


The tree of life is the cross itself. 


Vertical, tree of life. 
Horizontal, tree of knowledge. 
Good, Evil, Heaven and Earth. Cross. 
Thornbush on chirst's head. 
Mystery contained on the story of crucifiction. 
The lowest becomes the highest. Crowned with thornbush. 
Nailed to tree of life and tree of good and evil. 
Blood and water comes from the hole in christ and spear. 


Cube final form of everything that an be revealed.


Notion of a final manifestation. 


Religious texts are about finding patterns. Relations between symbols and words. 


Power around the world without wires. 


Tesla picture is double exposure. 


Accidents give you new insights. 


The magic of resonance. Electricity is like sound. 


Electric field mines. 


Frecuencia operatoria. 


Gear motor. 


Tesla roadsters. 


Recreating accidents. 


Alchemy as the search of spirit in matter.


You can define the same things in multiple ways.


No nacimos para hacer reparaciones históricas.


The reflective God. That is what all mystics are talking about.


Do me wrong, cause me pain. 


Filosofia es lo mio porque lo que mas quiero es saber. Aprender. Voy detras de aprender, cualquier cosa. Cuanto mas aprendo, mas quiero aprender. Pero es una actitud sana porque es receptiva. Es estar dispuesto a recibir conocimiento sobre cualquier cosa, partiendo desde la contemplacion. 


Orgullosamente colectivistas a quienes no les queda cerebro.


Escribir como herramienta para pensar.


La ilusión de creer que sos libre de hacer lo que quieras es la peor esclavitud.


You belong to a song, salty eyes.


Hay un cuerpo reflectivo. Es más que sentidos reflectivos. Hay meada reflectiva.


My head is full of lies.


Solo en la creatividad está la autenticidad.


Experiential unknown of the after death.


Will to meaning. Dominant.
Will to power. Nietzsche.
Will to pleasure. Freud.


Emmanuel sidenburg.


The world is the thought of God.


Mater as the outer appearance of inner experience.


Against a rootless future.


People exhaust me. 


La concha de la lora.


What you are able to think and say you are able to write.


Abajo de la pileta viene con la remera mojada anya Taylor joy en gambit. Yo tengo una rosa en la mano. Acabo de sacarle el tallo. Le pregunté a un niño que vayamos con ella. Me dijo que no sabía. Me dispuse a hacer un ritual con ella. Me dijo antes mí madre solo lo que un vampiro también diría. La respuesta no me satisfajo. Que la cosas son perfectas como son, o algo referente a las espinas. El agua abajo está calma pero el galpón está a oscuras y el agua turba la vista por la falta de luz.
Soñé antes muchas otras cosas pero no recuerdo.


She is also a woman.


Quiero vivir pero tengo miedo. Matenme cuando no este mirando. 
#letra


Tengo miedo de vivir en un mundo de posibilidades.
#letra


Resignarse a vivir la cosa como es.
#letra


Concatenation is
.
Like this
. 
For verses and lyrics.


Psychological integration so the neurosis dissapeared.


Para eso está la naturaleza. Para ir a sacar las cosas.


Can I play that game? I'll prove myself.


Ruin your reputation so you can live freely.


Attention is the currency of the internet. Matt Walsh.


La historia se escribe en el presente.


Presence starts in your extremities. Presence in both hands, then, in both feet.


If the path before you is clear, you are probably on someone else's. CJ.


El arte si es sincero es invaluable.


Learn to let go everything you fear to lose. Yoda.


Miedo como anticipación de posibles dolores.


Cambiar la palabra clave con la que estás definiendo la situación.


Gotas de autoconciencia.


Deja que la realidad te vaya guiando. Ese seria un consejo para hacer frente al miedo.


Sentado a la mesa esta el abuelo angel con la abuela maria. Le sirvo un plato nuevo a uno de los dos. Estoy en sicilia pero a la vuelta es ta el hostl St Christophers Inn. Un solazo. Algo de eso no hace sentido. Despues me acuerdo que para ir a escocia tengo cque cruzar. 
Antes curuchet sube una escalera. Me cuenta que esta no se donde, creo que porque le pregunte. SAle del tunel., y ahora curuchet soy yo. Voy caminando y alguien me quiere mostrar algo, en realidad a una mina, que aparece de lanada .La mina no quiere darle ni bola pero medio que por cortesia le da cabida. Vamos, nos subimos a una escalera y empiezan unas construcciones medievales. Como unos tuneles de piedras. Piso en patas y en un momento me saco la astilla que tengo en el dedo ggordo.EStaba andanado descalzo. 
En la mesa, que sucedio justo o bastante poco despues, comiamos pasta. Yo le servia a alguien mas. Angel creo que era simpatico y hacia chistes que incomodaban a la abuela. No le vi la cara a ninguno en la mesa. Solo el plato que estaba sirviendo. Pero creo que el plato no era para mí.
Tenía y cresta. Tambien un edificio en el que estabamos conectaba con un restaurant carisimo (ya no se dondo) y habia una mesa vacia larguisima con un monton de vinos. Bromee a mi viejo para manotear alguna. Del otro lado del barandal mozos patrullando los bordes del primer piso donde se encontraba. Abajo, calculo, un patio interno de esos como de campo.
#sueño


Purpose. Miracles. Change.


En los sueños no hay certezas. Solo suposiciones.


Ancho alto y profundidad. Triángulo. Un punto en cada dimensión.


Paragraph blank space removal.


Self deliverance.


Escribo para no olvidar y también para no tener que recordar.


Escribo para pensar.


You can trace the entire universe to a single point.


Es el gobierno del pueblo cuando todos ocupan cargos públicos.


If you do not yet write, do not tell yourself a story. Tell yourself the shortest sentences you can think of. Sense comes afterwards, later, when you are not expecting it, when you start to recognise patterns and connect the dots. 


Be still,  spend your money wisely but constantly, go the fuck away when money runs out. Who determines a winner?


Hacer huerta otra vez en italia por techo y comida no seria una mala opcion. Tendria ademas espacio para escribir y para componer. No gastaria un mango y estaria sin mis padres. Pero no se si quiero dejarlos aun, creo que me necesitan. Otros, de todas formas, no determinaran mis decisiones. Solo es cuestion de descifrar cuales el mejor siguiente paso en este proceso. Hay una gran parte de azar. Todo es probabilidad. Asi que, antes que nada, intentar en lo que hay, lo que se puede, dentro de lo que se cree que se debe. Se que hacer. No se cual es la mejor manera. 


Te ahogas en un vaso de agua. Chucky, literal. 


Countervailing power.


No me gusta ni quiero admitir que estoy rodeado de estupidos. No entiendo como es que otros piensan siempre en cosas que no llevan a ninguna parte. Que es lo que hizo tal o cual, quien es pariente de quien. Se maravillan, se sorprenden, asi tambien las charlas se cortan y pasan al olvido. Ninguna tiene proposito y de ninguna nada se puede aprender; al menos de su literalidad. Extrapolando, de todo se puede aprender. 
Recaen mucho en la memoria, en recuerdos, en observaciones vanas. Y yo, porque me pesa, siento que no puedo expresarme. No tengo nada para sumar. Experiencias que nunca vivi, memorias que no comparto, observaciones que no apelan a nada de lo que yo pueda aportar, mas que ayudarte a recordar un apellido. Los nombres se vuelven los centros de las historias y no los sucesos, que es para lo que intentan recordar los nombres. Realmente, a muchos otros, no comprendo. Y jamas los llame estupidos, pero es que pensar sin proposito es perder el tiempo, y conscientemente perder el tiempo es estupidez, siendo que el tiempo es finito y las posibilidades tantas. 
Cuando comparto mi tiempo con otros, me siento estancado, como si para poder entrar en las historias de otros tuviera que detener mi mente. Mejor dicho te la cortan, porque no te interpelan. 


La estupidez se asocia mas al desperdicio de la inteligencia que a la falta de.


El placer con el que voy a fumar porro cuando llegue a casa despues de este largo viaje, tiene nombre y apellido. 


Bianca y Nera. 


Would things still be after you are dead or before you were born? Then things are. Then truth is one, apart from any individual experience. 


Dante, the first modern man.


Belen Mutti trabajaba en el mostrador de conexión. Conexión es totalmente diferente. Yo estaba no se con que chica. Imprimimos dos copias del libro. Belu me pregunta cuando me voy porque ella quiere venir a Magagna. Le digo que el domingo. Le digo a las dos que me voy pero todavía me faltan las copias. Me pongo ansioso. Las dejo hablando. Me llama la novia del tío Roberto y me pide una copia. La dejamos imprimiendo. Belu es ahora Manuela Castañeira. 


You are ready only when you are ready to lose all your friends.


Voids for eyes.


Fear is a nice feeling. I used to feel it as a kid, imagining I was being chased by a tiger when I was being chased by other kids playing around in the country at night. It was awesome, because at the same time, in the exact same present moment, I was being courageous, brave. It was like a tickle. Excitement. 
There is a reason so many people enjoy horror. 


Experience bizarre things. 


Everything you see in your dreams is you in a different version. 


A merger. You attract your self and walk towards it even though you are scared. Parts of you you haven't yet recognised, come as fantasies and nightmares.We walk towards them. 


There is movement in your spirit. Movement inside infinite space. Correspondent with reality. 


elijames518 @beholderofartistry
so how do you think it works then?
I'm curious, don't just say no and
not back up your view. Hear me
out. Hypothetically let's say the light
“beats” or engulfs the dark, you then
can't see the light anymore. You need
contrast for each other to exist and
be perceived. You would be in either
a dark or light void if one were to win.
There is a spectrum and always will
be from light to dark and every shade
of grey and color in between.


Having a realisation is about thinking about a thing we have thought i the past, but meaning it differently. Because they all are beliefs, neither has to even be true. 


The photon belt/the new alignement.


"I believe the same even if i wouldn't have used the same words." That's a quote you would cite.


Excitement is excitement.


Either (you)
channel them (as you would do if they were not real).
Or
openly talk to them (as if they were real).


What was behind the door was fear. It was coming so you would see it. Recognise it. It is the part of you you least want to see.


Write some more.


"If it's a negative emotion what is the point in feeling it?". Fear needs to be recognised. It can be ignored and it will come towards you.


Nos dicen que como pensamos tiene algo que ver con nuestros rangos etarios, que entre pares se pueden comparar.


I use also a little bit of feet. It is not only hip.


Orion. Giza. Light beats darker.


I get to determine everything. 


Learn determination.


Give life f yourself.


You need to know their souls and act accordingly to their soul.


Someone is an adult when they drop the act.


It's all my own body. 


De la piel para adentro mando yo. Antonio.


Me puedo comer a quien sea.


Menor que que? Que es más lento? Cuánto calor tenés?


No hay nada debajo de mi voz.


La madre ha tenido que enterrar a las dos hijas. La casa es como en la playa, de piedra. La mujer, es la ex de algiuen mas. En un principio es MB, que para todos lados iba queriendo estar encima mio. Las hijas resultaron ser T y TT. 


I have to prove now that making money is an easy task. 


Que la musica se produzca es fortuito. Yo solo manejo mis movimientos y mis manos. Tocando la guitarra me doy cuenta. No tengo que tocar haciendo un chequeo de todo lo que me pasa. Hago el movimiento que ya se hacer. No se como lo se pero se que lo se. Se donde poner los dedos y cuando. Se seguir el ritmo, cambiarlo y seguir tocando la misma musica. Lo hago como si fuera una danza. Sigo mi propio flujo y confio en mi mismo. 


El proceso es para uno, el producto es para otro.


You push through pain when it is work. If you want music to work out, you work on your music. Simple as that. Things need to be done. 


Assign days for doing and days for working and contemplation. 


Que la musica pase es fortuito. 


Fumar es un acto de rebeldia. Atentar contra la propia vida. 


Como no vas a romantizar la existencia. Si es lo que es. Un monton de aventuras y desventuras.


Scriptwritting describes the ideal scenario. Not the realest one. The realest one is the one that means nothing by itself. 


Third eye descriptions. That's all what writting is. 


You can believe whatever nature it is that is inside you. But it is all you. 


All my songs are about me. 


Marika Hackman such a good influence with such good timing.


El mejor arte es el mas sincero. No el mejor valuado. 


Self copying is all that exists. That is true nature. A copy of a copy of a.


Decidi antes de que la oportunidad se me presentara. 


"Decidi venir antes de que me inviten".


La desilusion nos lleva a ver las cosas como realmente son. 


Labor del empresario es encontrar los parches para todas las faltas.


Random characters in all my songs. I am. 


Great music is timeless.


I meditate a lot about my songs. I still have a lot to learn from them. 


I learned about sincere art with manson. That's what he stood for. Be sincere. Do no act nice. Be or be not. 


The greatest sacrifice is to let others/them know you. 


Estoy enamorado de mi musica. Ajena a mi. 


Solo decir un nombre podria condenarme. 


Let the song decide which way it's going to go.


Me volvia loco la musica porque la encontraba en todos lados. No paraba de desviarme por no querer decidir sobre mi propia obra. 


Deep breathe and go on. Do what you must not what you want. 


Mi guitarra esta cargadisima. Tiene todos los lugares que mas quise. Es parte de mi hogar. Es mi hogar. 


Decir "la concha de la lora" mientras sacudis la garganta para calentar antes de cantar. 


Lo que hacia mucho que no hacia era fumar sin culpa. 


El diego le hace a la armonica porque le callaron la boca.


I want people that i admire to hear my music.


Today was a day of realisations, revelations. 


The meaning behind the formal are related in a circular form. Where one is, the other one can't. Its correspondences match 180 degrees, meaning they are on the opposite side of something that seems to be part of the same. 


Veo al aparato propagandistico operar en cada discurso. Cuando necesitan categorizar, aplican el "rotulo". Cuando se trata de ellos, se refiere a su significado, "somos" el pueblo. Ser, contra aparentar. Ese es todo el truco. Lo que no es, es solo en apariencia. 


Soy bueno haciendo enojar a la gente. Me resulta facil hacerlo. Porque a mi siempre me hacian enojar, lo aprendi. Todo lo que me hacian sentir, aprendi a hacerlo. 


Todo lo que me hicieron sentir, aprendi a causarlo.


Lo que me causaron, aprendi a causarlo. Arte. Relaciones sociales. Relaciones con el entorno. Cada impresion. 


Cuando ves la palabra arte, ves lo que hay de verdad en la palabra, primero. Despues podes ver que significa. Pero no las dos a la vez, porque mientras tu mente se ocupa de lo que una palabra significa, no puede a la vez estar meditando en su significado. 
Los significados se llaman. Y se recibe un significado. Por revelacion. Eso se escribe. 


No puedo hacer una cosa en la mente mientras estoy haciendo otra cosa en la mente. Logico y secuencial. Como no hemos parado de pensar, creemos que la vida es un continuo. Si nos vieramos eternos pensariamos para todos lados, sabiendo que podemos movernos en el tiempo, estando aqui y ahora, siempre. 


Jesus didn't think he knew what he was doing. 


Out of the eggshell and into the heavens.


Everything is happening before it happens. This is what is called a promotion.


Hoy vi en mí tercer ojo un pato aterrizando sobre otro para pelearlo.


See beyond forms.


Veo todo como si nadie más lo viera.


You don't need money and power to lose your soul.


Associate with people who are likely to improve you.


La humildad viene de dar cuando se siente que no se necesita más.
https://youtu.be/jTXdNunN3Rk


There is goodness In being alone when it's a sacrifice. You can create in different ways.


You return my self to me.


We could be reduced to infinite instants.


Lleva tiempo entender a otros.


Living with gratitude.


Jesus described God as the father only because he was a man. History lacks a woman with equal powers.


I make the machinery start working at will.
#letra


Con lo que es bueno hay que ilusionarse.


The awakening of the genie.


I create the music in my head. 


Todos sabemos cómo debería haber terminado. Con esa vara midamos nuestro final.


The meaning of life is the act of meaning it.


There is no room for too much fixing when you are writting sincerely. Because sincere does not depend on me. 


God is not what I wanted to hear. One of the hardest truth to swallow. Requires constant thinking about the misteries of existence. 


Nothing is too overwhelming. Reality is the present as it comes.


Becoming is covering or unveiling


Do what you must not what you want.


Believe it the right amount so you can make it go through.


I wrote it out.


Podria grabar una pista en la van en Nueva Zelanda. Acepto donaciones para grabar discos. Todos serán desde una pista grabada por mí en la intimidad de la van. Guitarra y voz. O tambores o lo que sea. El alma en una pista, lo otro alrededor. Agrego bateria y bajo en estudio.


Souls awaken, amount. The counter of the visitors that made it through a number of pages in the informative website.


I'm afraid of success. It's too big for anyone. It could swallow you up entirely.


Be careful of the forces you put in motion.


Me da miedo ser bizarro, pero a mí lo bizarro me encanta.


From this position I can't do much.


Un buen viaje se logra con una buena musica. 


El deterioro se nota cuando el viaje ha sido demasiado largo. Te olvidaste de morir. 


Hermeticum. 


El miedo es siempre el mismo. Entonces evaluo el riesgo. El riesgo siempre es el peligro real de a lo que me estoy exponiendo. Que en gran o poca medida me doy cuenta de antemano. Creo que voy a odiar el exito. 


Sleepy now. 


La simultaneidad de los procesos es algo que es lógico. Un proceso no puede pasar en simultáneo a otro proceso si los mecanismos implicados en ambos son de la misma naturaleza. 


Que le digo al mundo si me preguntan? Ese es el miedo.


Armar un equipo. Desarrollar el software. Me puedo ir de basker a Australia. 


Cuanto tardan las generaciones en despertar del trauma?


Revivo cosas que ya vivi antes sin haberlas vivido. Es decir, recuerdo. Revivo solo lo que vi en mi mente, no lo que fue real. Entonces, revivo la fama que nunca tuve. Porque de chico la flasheaba. Mi vida pasada, ya la vi y no me gusto. 


Escribo todos mis delirios. 


Tambien tengo que ver el lado oscuro de mis sueños. Lo que viene con eso aunque elija no verlo. No lo malo que podría pasar. Ver todo. 


Es un reality. 


Hey mis subs son medio opa. 


Plata pa la ropa. 


Cual es la version mas realista de lo que proyecto, si nada ha sucedido y este es un mundo de probabilidades. 


La historia universal es la historia de las creencias de la humanidad en su conjunto. 


La fama iba a ser el sacrificio. 


No dejamos de soñar cuando nos despertamos. Esa es la unica verdad. 


My dreams have music.


I daydream my whole day.


No hay nada mas lindo que escribir canciones. Te enseñan cosas de vos que no sabias. 


Puedo empezar un movimiento de musicos andando en sus vans. Tocando musica por el mundo. Como un uber pero desde vans. Artistas moviles en solitario. Mercadeados en NFT. Musica libre, propiedad privada. 


Esta bueno que te mantengan humilde las inseguridades. Siempre va a haber inseguridades. Actuar con seguridad es una estupidez en un mundo de probabilidades. 


The most precious thing? What is it?


All live concerts around the world. Streamers streaming whatever they do in the wild in their vans. Two musicians meat to record together. Like playing for change.


We learn how to push them back. 


I'm now learning the fundamentals of catholicism. From revelation. Through playing songs that sound like church music.


Every tool can be ritualistic.


When I'm with others i'm being them. Thata why i'm quiet. Mirroring is actually mirroring. Not thinking that.


Being in a house full of secrets made me this curious and imaginative.


I'm scared reality will swallow me. Overwhelm me to the point where I don't longer want to be alive. Why not? Could happen. Certainly it will happen more that it won't.


Ideas flow in me. I unlocked the creative power. I have to do something about it. Share it. Only hearing to what I play, doing what I do, can teach me something I didn't know. Producing, by play, something that was unknown. 


Jesus was terrified to the point of not finding god within himself at a certain point. He reduced himself by showing himself. 


History lacks a female jesus. 


The born unborn has to be born by a virgin. 


El tempo tambien se define a lo largo de la cancion. Cuando la tocamos todos juntos, aun mas. Las emociones de la cancion te pueden llevar a representarlo de diferentes maneras. 


Divine that who's only guided by the grace of god. No human laws but pure judgement. It is part of the creative force, as it's demonstraded in the playing of an instrument. 


The divine grace requirese to be constantly in presence. 


Que no se te vaya la cabeza. 


It is what it is. The door was push. And there was no one behind it.
Both statements totally true but it's not clear on what happened if there was someone on the other side, prior to me checking.


Jesus conquered the world.


What's the greatest suffering you can bear.


El cigarrillo simboliza las oportunidades de hacerte mal que no te crees capaz de soportar.


We are all and choose to be one.


Female Christ would have a mother.


Soy el último en creerse lo otros me dicen que soy. A veces solo me cuesta darles la razon.


Existential is anxious for not knowing it all. 


You can't undo what is done. 


Me llevo tiempo descubrir que eran dos canciones diferentes. 


Mate y pucho; veneno conocido.


Anxious because things don't seem to move.


Until you realise all moves in meaning. 


Beautiful surfaces with ugly depths. 


You don't need an audience to achieve greatness.


What worries you master you. John Locke.


Ideas evolve across time, through generations. We build on what others built before us.


Nietzsche, tan anticristiano que nego los principios. 


Have you ever had a living nightmare? As there are daydreams, there are living nightmares. Representations of your psychi fullfilled by chance and reality. Collapsing, clashing to make you live something. 


You do not chose when to have an experience. You chose then the better meaning with what you know so far, that is only so little. You go into the depths and make unconsciouss things, consciouss. You make from energy matter. And from intention, guidance. 


Writing in the flames of a candle, there is nothing I can't meditate on.


Demons are your own thoughts.


Intento recordar lo que pense en vez de leer de nuevo al cuerpo. En mindfulness es un error, en proyeccion no lo se. 


Pre seed what was the worst that could happen and proceeded. Jesus. He gave himself being righteous. 


There is only so much you can always do. Take a deep breath. 


Take a breath. Note that you are safe here. If you want to come back to your body, excercise. A stronger feeling of presence is felt. 


There is no hipocrisy in the eternal. What's solved in meaning is solved in time. For the flesh is different. For what we cause can't be uncaused. 


It's been a long way since I started writing. And it's only been a year or so. 


You can grow older and wiser the more you get to know. 


There is no shame in knowledge. 


The flame is greater. No bowing to no men will blow it out.


I meditate on candles because of it's random, glitchy movements and sense of spiritual forces moving around. The light changes, flows in a weird, chaotic dance. 


Writing was never for the reader. Was for the thinker. 


No poet ever wrote a poem for other than himself. Trying to figure out what the lyrics he was lying on the paper meant. What it was trying to say. What memory will it evoke? 
 
I ask myself "am I really going to do this?". I know there is only one right answer. 


Soul come back to my body. This is grounding. You could do it with others, socially, of if you are too far out of yourself, in the woods by feeling presence. The presence of your body in your sense of existence. Knowing that is also a part of you and that you owe it your best choices. To what matters and what surrounds you. Lonelyness by itself does not do it. 


Being the one that back the light would be exciting. There are many with the same purpose, it almost feels like a race. But only we could do so little, light does not work by itself. It needs dark and other to enlighten you through your path. You just carry the torch. To your pairs and to the next generations. 


Los temas, en la medida de lo posible, nos pertencen. 


Si ellos estuvieran pensando una cosa u otra, yo veria lo mismo. Ellos spacing out. Zoning out. Is it something there worrying you? Should we live with worries? 


Images in my head got really random in a certain point. Just by trying to ignore my imagination, I caused that. 


I was avoiding to think, all the time. Because they made me, at school. They make us think when we don't want to think. So then, we do not like thinking. We associate thought with what represents evil. "Oh, do not touch that". "Curiosity killed the cat". "It will swallow you". "It will consume you." "It will dive you mad". I only found that I was free.


Think about how things should be. Think about that the most. 


Parece que te estalla la cabeza pero en realidad cerras los ojos y te das cuenta que no, que estas aca, que nada que ver. Que lo otro no esta pasando. Igual eso siempre es obvio, pero sin embargo no podemos a veces evitar reaccionar. Es el tren en el cine de los Lumiere. 


Meditar para ver que estoy haciendome a mi mismo, y que no me habia dado cuenta. A veces estoy tenso, a veces necesito cambiar la respiracion. 


There is no need for so much noise in your head. You could be in the forests. But you can also cohabit with noise. It forms weird music you had not heard. You could have less thoughts, less complex thoughts, less overwhelming. But they are all worth the dive. Something new comes to consciousness, and I can move on. 


Las personas pasaran reintrepretando detalles de cosas quizas para el autor no hayan tenido ni importancia. Significara algo de su subconsciente? Dificilmente.


Madness is lead through exhaustion. 


Hice lo contrario a lo que mi viejo hizo a consciencia. Yo me agrande a consciencia, en vez de achicarme a consciencia. 


Avoid gurus follow plants. 


This I can declare... Things that are in heaven... Things heard and seen.


Se ven todavia rastros de desperdicio fenomenologico. Las impresiones que dejaron huella pero de lo autentico ya no queda ahi nada. Los matrimonios fallidos o las relaciones con familiares desconectadas.


No sé que decirte, es lo que dice mí cabeza cuando le pregunto cosas que no tienen respuesta.


Solo digo cosas que creo que entiendo.


Nada que perder.


Do step by step but with your mind present at all times. Forces are going to be moving. Do not despair. Take reality as it comes. Be present. Build resilience and strength on the way.


Solo creando veo que puedo escuchar. Puedo escuchar el ventilador o canciones en mí cabeza. Muchas personas tienen ruido en la cabeza pero muchas otras música. Silban, tararean, ni siquiera lo notan.


En la facultad, solo por pauta oficial me estaba formando opinión de la realidad.


No quiero reconocimiento, quiero resonancia.


Te doy la titularidad de los masters. Los temas siempre mios para reversionar. Los crudos tambien.
Doy algo que a otro le sirve. Dejo que ellos se preocupen por vender. Yo me concentro en seguir creando.


El infierno moral es el paraíso creativo. Tanto así es en el Kali Yuga de internet. 


El salto exponencial en la moral humana va a darse con internet cuando se manifieste todo lo que ha causado su intención. La creatividad que hay en ella, tanto que nos estamos mimetizando con ella, solo expresando a traves de las aplicaciones. 


En el mas absoluto caos se haya el orden superior.


La música me transporto en la habitacion a oscuras, a otro universo, que no conocia.


Trying to be corageous get us allwhere.


Musicians drive armies.


Think yourself as an artist. Realise your are one.


Y que si no me achico? 


Y que si acepto lo que me toca.


The son of the God and the daughters of the Goddess. Two being converging. All that it is.


Son of God are all men. He is our Father.
Daugther of God(dess) are all men. She is our Mother.


La naturaleza femenina y masculina en algo que es en si una unidad, es una representacion humana. A partir de lo que vemos en la Tierra.


Thought is after dream.


"I'm not supposed to move".


The ideals are what you thrive on. Where you want to get. I want to be all that it is me that is therefore, what already known is for anyone else.


Los viejos sabios tienen la vista perdida.


Es muy difícil saber a quien va dirigido en la multitud. No me dirijo a quien no se dirige a mí, por una cuestión de no tener necesidad. No se dirige a mí todo lo que me atrae. Pero podría a uno impulsarlo. 
El impulso es un momento específico en el quiebre de resistencia bearish de deseo. 


Tengo la habilidad de encontrar música que está buena. Por eso termino por escribir lindas canciones.


Llegan quienes quieren compartir arte sincero.


I want to excel at everything; I just don't have the time.


You be born again. You breath again for the first time. Soul, scattered, come back to the body.


Transcending institutional power.


The biggest mysteries are the most imaginative.


Getting naked so everyone can crush you.


Post mortem presento el libro. Lo subasto antes.


Solo veo lo que me encierro a pensar. Primero me encierro.


Buscando roña con gente que si me agarra me mata.


La música nunca para. Por qué no hacerla fluir por dónde salga? Que tiene de malo?


Symbology is everywhere.


Botanica, cuan poco sabemos.


We are trees. We truly are. Truth.


Fear of makes you instantly aware.


Different energies in different interactions.


Still finding reasons to smoke. The only thing that is evil on its own.


"I've heard it from the elders".
https://youtu.be/udM9VlvATQw
We need science. We still do. Now it's time of remembering the principles.
La carrera a la lunab,🇺🇸. El país de la Plata. El país de la luna. Argentum. 🇦🇷


We need less stimuli. To remember the principles. That is what meditation is for.


Debo saber pensar sin emocionarme.


It's our own heart speaking to us. It's cycle. It's rythm. How everything matches it.
Suenan violines en mí cabeza. Son los armónicos del ventilador en la pared.


Catholic is a way to navigate mind in a consistent relation representation. What are demons and where is the light. Is the path of prayer.


Todos tenemos un montón de viajes oscuros pero no sobre las mismas cosas. La significación y la mitología, personal.


I'm an artist so I can say what I want. I live by saying what I want. There are things I'll want to say and things that I won't want to say.


There's nothing greater than within. Y me la paso viendo memes.


Nos han psicopateado.


A veces tenés miedo de saber más.


La postura del cuerpo es la que va a tomar mi dive in. Acostado, pasas por tus pesadillas. Sentado, por lo confortable. Parado, con lo actual. Dado vuelta, con lo espiritual. Lo espiritual se mueve con nosotros, desde la glándula pineal. Suponiendo que fuera un punto en el entrecejo, el punto se balancea y se posa de un lugar a otro.
Medito sentado hoy. Mí postura para pensar es agarrándome las rodillas con los brazos cruzados.


La película de Moisés que vi de chiquito me flasheo con lo de la liberación de los esclavos. Los esclavos eran liberados, por ellos mismos, de sus propias cadenas.


De que forma es la entrega?


Siempre buscando roña con gente que si me agarra me mata, literal. 


Yo tenía valores, me los quito las veces en que la vida me mostró que no valían nada para nadie más. Tener valor era para mí importante, pero no me trajo más que problemas. No era un rebelde sin causa, causas tenía, lo que no tenía era sustento.


Me voy a pasar la vida queriendo demostrar que no necesitamos sustento.


"Porque yo hago esto ella hace esto". Chica delirante.


Artistas torturados somos todos. Algunos no son valientes.


La gente más afín termino siendo tus mayores enemigos. Gente creativa con la que despues no querés tener nada que ver. Por como viven. Que imaginación tenía en el departamento del piso 11.


Alguien que no sabe cómo funciona no puede decirme que significa.


I never got out of my room. It never got out from the room.


Le hablo a mí hermana de cosas muy abstractas y ella me entiende.


Things drive you towards them from different reasons.


There is a room in a house.


Le voy a mandar mi cuenta a el y la placa de YouTube.


Más peligroso el que cree que no lo están mirando. Por ingenuo. Porque corto toda conexión con el mundo. Interna y posiblemente externa.


No querés ser amigo de todo el mundo.


En mis mitologías hay películas. El negro de los milagros me habló en el piso 5 de la torre.


Me dicen te entiendo y me lo tomo personal.


Las parejas sirven para evolucionar. Te entendés, hasta ahí. Hasta donde ya no. Ahí se acabó.


Encantar personas equivocadas no es sabio.


La mujer de la plaza de Catania me encantó a mí. Me miraba y me miraba y se acercaba. Se me sentó al lado y me habló.


Una forma genial de dar el libro sería dárselo solo a una persona en medio de toda una multitud. Sortearlo, que la atención quede puesta en el otro.


Podes sentar los derechos de propiedad.


Una vez me aburrí de verdad. Después de nuevo. Y dije basta, como me deshago de este.


I realised I could stop crying. But what instead? I chose nothing.


https://youtu.be/FHwfJDqerGM
Does it?


No sabes cómo imaginarte a las personas que encontrás viajando. Yo conocí al mago blanco en la terraza de catania. A la bruja negra en el centro de la plaza. Al volcán a lo lejos a punto impredecible de erupcionar. Conocí a la loca suicida del auto, que no dejaba de subir y bajar las escaleras. 


El criadero. Argentina. El criadero del mundo. Vamos a ser carne humana para canjear con los países compañeros de la revolución. Va a ser más barata que cualquier perro.


Peron la vio tensa y se fue. Ningún "exilio".


Iba a pelearme en las oficinas, con las autoridades.
A hacer el documento fui de ojotas a la policía. Gli occhi marroni.


Loved and hated. That's all what you are.


The monkey mind.


Work out the body to hold the head and mind.


The revolution of what not runs out of resources. Creativity. The creative Revolution. That's what we are presencing.


Strengthening your body can strengthen you mentally and spiritually.


Spiritual is beyond perception.


You think you know you are not your thoughts but you can't tell the difference between them. 


You think you are not certain things but you can't say which things you are. You can't tell the difference.
0 = 1-1.


I'm the better of two evils.


El sufrimiento es el resultado de la resistencia al cambio.


Vos significas la planta que te fumas cuando la nutris y la ves crecer.


Querer mas aunque estes cansado es vicio.


La ventaja es que todos quieren ser civilizados. Peor aún muchos creen serlo.


You'll never know the differences because 1-1 = 0.


Deep lies the over behind him.


You can miss something but not wanting it back.


A mind to sense, a body to create. Enter Shikari.


Hacer travesuras se puede sin verdadera maldad.


Borron y cuenta nueva. Eso que asi le llamamos, es posible de realizar. 
La forma en la que escribimos es la que mejor encontramos para describir nuestra idea, nuestro tren de pensamiento, que se reordena a medida que no terminamos de cerrar la idea por escrito. Cuando le buscamos la vuelta a como decir algo, estamos en realidad viendo que es lo que queremos decir. 


El viento que tira este ventilador es impresionante. 


No es que no importe, es que no hay nada que hacerle. Que haces cuando no hay nada que hacerle, a algo que importa, por mucho que importe?


Sueño con escribir de costado. Sueño con escribir sin cansarme. Si no tuviese dedos, podria escribir mucho mas. Si no tuviese sueño, podria escribir mucho mas. Lo importante lo determina lo mucho que le doy vueltas. 


Podes sentir algo sin representarlo. Y podes representar algo sin sentirlo. Por que seria de manera diferente, cualquiera sea el sentimiento, cualquiera sea la representacion? Lo que se asocia lo hace siempre bajo las mismas reglas, y una hace a la otra. 


Puedo escribir debajo de las frazadas. No hay diferencia. Algunos te creen y otros no. Algunos quieren creerte otros siquiera querran escucharte. No hay mas necio que el que no quiere oir. 


El estado en el que escribo. Acostado cagado de frio. Tapado. Con el teclado bajo las frazadas. Un ojo medio abierto. 


El frio me hace cosquillas. 


El frio es romantico. 


Me gustaria haber sabido como no darle bola a algo desde el principio. Lo que yo hacia no era no darle bola, era no entender que lo que estaba haciendo era darle una 
falsa bola. Era volver al punto de retorno en espiritu para combrobar un prejuicio, una creencia. 


La memoria y la imaginación no tienen naturaleza diferenciable. De la memoria parte el espíritu. Si la memoria es tiempo. Pero la memoria puede ser falsa.


Sacrifice becomes a cause of love as well as an effect of it.


Things that are both the cause and the effect are divine. Creativity itself is divine. Some don't won't others to know they are Godhead.


Memories that involve other people meant things in the future that you could not realise before. Recapitulating, though, can be done from start to finish and from finish to start.


Hace tiempo ya que no escribo. Lo que tiene la vida es que las respuestas del principio aparecen al final.


Las historias se llenan de mitologia. Al principio son solo cosas que uno hace.


Invisionism.


The universe manifests only through the images in your mind. And the sound. 


When writing, add whatever clarification you deem pertinent.


The passage from dream to dream is sometimes a transition of days.


The subconscious mind. What happens to all and not all are yet aware. 


Reality? No other than the unconsciousness. What other proof do you need.


Never stop smoking weed. We need drugs to reach the internet for the creative era. 


Yo aca vine a fumar y a escribir. Y eso voy a seguir haciendo. No se como es el futuro pero sincerarte te lo acerca. De brazos abiertos y de pies cruzados, que asi sea.


I do not need the melody but the nmelody needs me to write it for it cannot manifest by itself. 


The philosophers stone is finding acces to all through that which you have no access. You are the translator of the unknown. The stone is the matter. The only that you can conceptualise.


I feed on randomness. That is the way of the artist. That is the true nature of all. 


Liberalism is in need of soldiers. 


Attacks of guilt are unavoidable. Any sense of discomfort can trigger it. But discomfort is randomness at is max. Embrace any trip to get something out of it. Find the strength to push all the way through. 


A veces solo es la cancion que esta sonando. Que te recuerda a algo, a nivel subconsciente. Te hace sentir. Le hace a tu cuerpo sentir. 


Why do you choose to be who you are? 


Me hice sentir tan mal el cuerpo que no lo quise sentir mas. 


The way to pain is through fear. 


Kill bad emotions with good emotions in training. 


Nothing is too important. Post mortem.


See your body in pain from a netral point of view. Godhead. 


The battle is metaphysical.


She disliked us, for a period of time. You can't tell the difference between the lenght of a period of time from another. 


You can't certainly tell the intensity of the moment. 


All my life asking myself what could trigger certain states of mind. Like decompensation froom seeing blood, like a friend of mine did, when he fell next to me. 


You risk safety when you want to save time. Things could go very good very fast or very wrong very fast. 


Paren el show me quiero bajar. 


What's ancient is more valuable. It needs to be demonstrated others significations about it. To make about personal mythologies, the bigger superstructure that holds them all. 


Until you learn your true nature you're going to remain a slave. 


This is not the moment for writing. But It is a good moment to learn what to do right when there is a thing that you want to do and a thing that needs to be done. 


Igual me voy a terminar el termo. 


Whatever needs moving. 


The shortest the movement, the lesser the damage. 


What do I do with so much freedom? The choice marks your path. 


Anything can be transmuted through corporeal training. Biological triggers to the hormones that make you feel good and strong for what is next to come. 


I only need to know about myself. Looking at  me own ombligo. The conexion between non existence and existence. The zeroes and ones. You are the continuation from something that was before you. 


God don't care but thank you anyway. 


Give something they want for the think they don't want. The other way around. Give sacrifice, recieve salvation, give salvation, recieve sacrifice. 


The greater the pact, the stronger the word. Make your words strong, not weak. 


You don't make a thought disappear until you know what they means.


Actors exorcise their demons on camera. Orators on front of a public.


Leave a trace for others to follow. Share one way.


Jesus the One True individual recognised for all major religions. All others are him. Jesus is the brother.


You are supposed to find correlation between someone else's story and yours. Let's say it's Jesus or Marilyn Manson. The Antichrist. 


In my cosmology, there are a few people. Mostly artists and philosophers, if not my friends or family or my random encounters with whatever was there when I was there. 


You too can play, with one foot on the earth. You there, with your feet on the earth. How do you dare walk on it? 


La forma en que nos hablan es el lugar en donde buscamos las respuestas a nuestras propias preguntas. Break the shell. 


There are two awakenings. 


The way we go is the way we want.


With little reading I couldn't help but get to know a lot. You don't seek knowledge, knowledge seeks you, you either see it or choose to ignore it. 


I dare to say it is just. Only fair. 


The Antichrist will find its way back to worm when the limits of its power reaches a limit. 


Some would save you because of who you where. Some would save you because of who you are now. Someone would condemn you in both the same ways.


Stop accepting me so I can rebel. 


When I was funny I was just following the music. 


Life is about how much damage you can cause in your path, and to whom. 


 A clean slate. 


Just repeat a word like a mantra to know it's  meaning. Time wouldn't be possible without meaning. Follow time and find God. 


Las palabras me quedan sonando en la cabeza todo el dia.


They build this erotic relation. In their minds. With the echo of his own words. 


I've mistaken the meaning of a symptom many times.


Papa se cree que tiene capa de invisibilidad. Yo tambien crei que la tenia. Por eso habia algo tan perturbador en la escena del tio en El Señor de los Anillos. 


Yo puedo decir lo que quiera como derecho natural, porque... what's stopping me? Si podes pronunciar palabra, podria esta ser cualquiera. 


Mistaken the meaning of a symptom. 


I knew all the warnings, I didn't know how to avoid what I was predicting. It was an error in they way I percieved reality. I couldn't know 


Symbology was just the way I thought. 


Describe with meaning a picture on your mind, a whole story. That's not easy. 


En el acto de comunicar, algo que sale de la fuente de otra persona, que puede controlarla. Porque entra en un viaje y vos con el. 


Como no va a ser importante, si se me sale de los cojones?


You can break something in two seconds but it can take forever to fix it. From mohana analhulu.


Just erase your trace. That's what they do. That's what can't be done. 


Si vos podes traer una imagen a voluntad podes traer una imagen a voluntad y para siempre. 


A dream is a dream, no matter who the dreamer is or if it exists. 


En general, que malos comunicadores somos.


Alguien que sufre viene cocinando la idea del suicidio. 


A dream inside a dream inside a dream. 


I can watch a movie. And then, years after, I can learn from them. I am the learned, I am not what's unlearned. Still or yet unlearned, is not me. Learned is me. What do I know now that I didn't knew before? The I here demonstrates spirit, being. The eternal inside the vessel. 
I learned you could potentially squeeze something to get all the knowledge out of it. 


I was expecting to feel right and wrong in my body. It does not work like that. 


The impulses build up. Emotions are meant. Are triggered. Are expected. So be consciouss, and breath them out. 


Old people become ugly. There's nothing wrong with it. But gestures leave a trace on your face. You decide whether it's a sad trace or a happy trace. 


I don't care what I write or how I write it. I do the best I can with what I have. A decision made in the past was the only thing I chose to do, with the possibilities I thought I had. And sometimes these aren't many. A debate between death and acceptance of a mystery as the truth. Thinking (already proves it) I couldn't break the cycle, sometimes I went along with it, even if I disliked it and did not want it.  


You give people the opportunity to Judge by themselves.  


Just ask yourself where is that located in the cosmology of thought.


You can't talk about thoughts. A thought is a thought. But talk about the matter of thought. Como Universo del Pensamiento. 


La ex novia del pensamiento. 


How far do you have to go to be scared?


I thought fear would stop me every time from doing something wrong. I thought that was how It worked. I only overcame my fears, knowing that I am awake, here and now, in a neutral point of you, the Godhead, that one that blances it all. 


The soyboys are more in contact with their feminine side. Magic and ponies everywhere. 


To go far you have to go deep. To go deep you have to go older. To recapitulate the worst years of your life. And how you overcame them. That's Manson's book. 


Parents should give the bigger picture not a smaller one.


Dictadura sanitaria. Entregan agua con colorante a cambio de nuestra dependencia al producto. Es el negocio perfecto. Si no mandas te mandamos al ejercito del gobierno. 


What I write is to me and by me, that is why it is Hermeticum. No es que tenga la verdad sino que estoy adentro de mi. 


Los sabios tambien tienen estos cuerpos.


Condemned, the isolated: every single horror movie. 


I cannot help but prove it to myself every single time. 


Sabia que habia gente que se referia a si misma en segunda o tercera persona y gente que no. 


La princesa de la mentira. La reina pedorra. 


It is a  matter of taking other's perspectives into account.


Donde te piden ser mas empaticos, hay dictaduras. Amarrete. 


Quien no conoce la naturaleza del pensamiento creera que no es posible creer dos cosas al mismo tiempo, y que sean una verdad y otra mentira, y que sostengan entre si una contradiccion. Este es el tema, vos podes cargar cuantas palabras sean, y la significacion es personal. 


The masses to match the mother to cfk. If that's not enchantment what is it. Symbology nailing itself. 


Cada vez que me enojaba mi viejo se reia. I pushed to much buttons until some day we broke him. Triggered by the sense of others getting offended, he tried to smile and lift the mood. Not pleasent. Exhausting and chaotic, not funny and dramatic, sad, and worst of all, unnecessary. Why spend the effort trying to please other if in the process you are harming them the most? Why not relax and act every time as the first time. You do not react. You extract, analyse and act. It is now for the first time, every time (that is the circularity of meaning).
The circularity of meaning is proven in 0 = 1-1.


In reality, it never totally matches. It was all harmony until there was disharmony, then reality created itself. 


"What if?" returns a single point. "Why would this be the one true possibility?" returns an infinite amount of possibilities. And you can't stop finding even the possibilities of the possibilities. Every instant, a new possibility. That is reality.


Don't take everything personal. It is not. 


 "No hay chances de que sea la misma persona", pienso para mi mismo, sabiendo muy bien que si es. 


Hay una forma correcta de hacer el camino del solitario. 


Save the father and go to Australia.


You won't regret what happened/didn't happen as much as the decisions made/not made.


At some point in time i figured it out. 


I would write fiction. Multiple universes collapsing, manifesting in little gestures, gradually escalating until it breaks, the closed back again. The universe breaks after too much tension. It is not growing constantly. It's growing like a heart. Pumping. Breaking. Inmense. I see how big it is within my head.


El vino hace a mi viejo conversador. Eso está muy bien. Es una expresión de espíritu. 


Every dream is the same dream. 


You can go crazy or go mystic. Go sit by the sea and see for yourself how deluded time can get.


Brainwashing is great confusion. That's how it manifests. The metaphysical in the psychological and physical.


Metafísicas de la mente.


People aren't products. People off limits.


Que diferencia hace como me pueda sentir cuando lo escribo? Ninguna. La angustia que me da escribir algunas cosas. Y eso es la mayor parte del significado. Y nunca nadie la va a ver.


Do not disturb the peace.


Meaning before wording.


El amor de mis amores.


Social existence forces us to assume communal roles.


Music can fight feeling off.


It has to stand the test of time. 


What is true is true always. For eternity. 


A symbology is forever the same. 


What is strange was normal. What it breathes, the big city.


Be treated fairly. 


Narcissistic which can't resist resistance, confrontation. 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        What is great against what's tragic.


Is a mystery. What is lifting the groo? That curable. 
ja


Happiness is not possible sometimes. 


Good deciding what something shouldn't be around anymore. 


 Artists live on the edge. 


Admit your ignorance. 


Writing because it's liberating. Comforting, it is not. It is allmost unpleasn't sometimes. 


Are my fingers where they are supposed to be? Am I supposed to be somewhere I am not? 


La verdad inalterable es que solo existe el aqui y ahora y si estas bien aqui y ahora, estas bien alla donde hayas estado en tu cabeza. 


En todos esos momentos, la historia podria haberse ido por otra rama. Podria haberse bifurcado. Cada una de esas vidas pasadas, podrian haber continuado de manera diferente. Mejorome, entonces mejoretes. 


Un monton de hombres atados entre si rodean un fuego a punto de arder. Estan calmados y se miran a los ojos, los unos a los otros. Suena playlist para estudiar como un filosofo medieval que tiene la verdad revelada por la gracia divina. 


Una pelicula sobre una madre que a la muerte pide ser cremada con unos cuchillos que despues el aprovechador se encanuta, y la madre lo acecha. La herencia leia: "y si no cumplen mi voluntad, volvere para bla bla bla". 


It was a mistery to me. 


Learning to live in uncertainty is key to live in peace.


Y yo estoy dolce. 


De que se trata la pelicula? Si alguien sabe que diga. Lo bueno es que la verdad no preceisa del conocimiento de la respuesta a esta pregunta. 


A ella lo que le interesaba era que vaya yo. A mi lo que me interesaba era no hacerla sentir mal. Me enseñaron desde muy chiquito que los sentimientos de otras personas eran mi culpa. 


Siempre te estan relojeando. 


A ella lo que le interesaba era no ir. A vos lo que te interesaba era mantener la armonia, el respeto y el valor. Uno tiene valores morales, el otro tiene competencia e instinto de supervivencia. Es capaz de aguantarse los dolores con tal de hacerte sentir mal. 


We don't get justified in the next life or the other.


Should I think if something is important/of importance? Another way I didn't want to go. I used to say "que me importa" a lot when I was a kid. 


Explosion creativa. 


Primero, pienso en mi. Lo que puedo sacar de un recuerdo. Despues digo de mi, si como yo entonces hay otros.


From a fallen angel to a wobbly f!##$%^&*ck


I went from representing the fallen angel and fall like him. Lost all faith.
The mysteries for all my troubles also are metaphysic. It is not about what happened, It is about what I come to realise what was there in my psyche, something that in the past already meant, in some dimension, something else. That remained a mystery until you dived in.


They are saying "think about them, but about the ones you are close to".


Mas loco, mas se esta degenerando el cuerpo sin darse cuenta. El cuerpo no es una maquina. Aunque si sea yo quien la controle.


Yo era pesado por mis preguntas. Pero algun chico no lo es? 


Las inseguridades no surgen de la nada. 


People are a lot quiet uglier than whatever you see on the surface. That doesn't mean they are not nice. A good soul would manifest, a bad soul would manifest too.


Un buen resultado seria que me exileen. A un lugar alejado en la naturaleza, con muchos libros y hojas en blanco. 


La gente relaciona lo que dijiste en reiteradas ocasiones. Organiza. Y por mas que no quiere pensar asi de vos, a partir de lo que dijiste (sacar una conclusion metafisica sobre una cosa fisica), no podes evitarlo. Porque la verdad brilla. Hay que destaparla.


Las raices estan de la piel para el centro. La ramificacion de la piel para afuera. De cada celula una diversificacion. De cada atomo.


Estaba recordando tanto a mi viejo que crei que estaba ahi por un momento. Despues me acorde que estoy aca y que solo esta mi vieja en la habitacion.


Baches de fe. 


Hay gente que habla como si fuera idiota. Conozco. 


"Aqui vamos a mostrar solo lo mas lindo del gobierno, porque para odio ya hay mucho otros" y parodiar exagerando, todas los pequeños detalles que se puedan recalcar. 


El va cocinando sus propios miedos. Por actuar responsablemente. Se le va la mano. Exagerado. 


Jesus was his own teacher. 


"Denle laburo al compañero" cada vez que se hace publicidad a algun compatriota.


"This will never end" I think, then I remember I'm dying bro. That was a relief first, then it was a constant agony. A parallel pain everytime something was good, for the fear of loosing it. 


Misfists and outcasts.


Join the pack of The Best Versions of Yourselves. The only way to truly (correspondant, permanently) make a change in the world. Because this will never end. But for me, it will. My thoughts and others will match. Or dismatch. Once they read my words or hear me talk. 


You have to have a body to back it up. If you cheat, then show your cards. If you build up tension, this competitive scenario. You have to have body to back it up.


We don’t always write the same way because we don’t always think the same way. 


The differences are the way we think. 


“The way we think of life”, and offer talks about the way we think of life. 


They try to interrupt speech. By multiplicity. Making the simple truths hard lies and the complex, so simplified that you can’t understand what it means from what’s taught to you. 


A fallen angel can’t be a wobbly wobbly.


Manson lost all his powers. Hi’s small, blowing out. Rage doesn’t do it for him anymore. It is not the fuel it was when he was young and full of energy. 


Creo que en esta búsqueda envejeci 30 años. Tengo canas y estoy medio calvo, a los 28 años. 


Exorcizar no es traer a colación los episodios. Si no traer lo de la psyche. Al momento y del momento. Que se desprende por sí solo. Hacer sentido de un montón de cosas que ya de por si están o estuvieron en la ecuación. 


La guerra mediática no es la de los insultos en TV. Eso es un pedacito en la superficie. 


La vida no es acerca de mantenerse joven. Pero si usar el cuerpo al máximo que nos limite la propia edad. Algo en el medio se va machacando por más que nos querramos detener en el tiempo. Estás muriendo. Como todos. 


What to do when they ask from you “don’t be boring?”. 


I am none. Or am I all? It seems like there is no difference. 
0=1-1


Where do you get your pain from? And where do you get your pleasure from? 


Can you break cycles forever? If monks did it. You can too. Are you willing to do this? Is it worth it? How deep can your understanding go?


Mamá no hacía nada simplemente porque no tenía ganas. “Estoy cansada”. 


Many nights of horror. 


Once you understand what monks do, you do not need any brainwashing instructions or information. Your “spirit” can go so far off that then, it is hard to get a sense of what is real. Palpable dreams.


Alguien que cobije cuando tenés miedo. Se requieren personas fuertes para formar parejas. Fortaleza para soportarse a uno mismo y fortaleza para soportar a otros. 


Think of an eternally lasting dream. Would you be able to tell what is real? After how many years?


Lose the fear of writing about things you don’t know. You own your words to yourself and yourself only. 


Ya que está embarrada, vamos a embarrarla hasta el fondo. Es lo que pensaría cada ser humano que quiera sacar provecho de su propia ruina. Si ya no hay vuelta atrás, por que no habría de acelerar el proceso? 


El problema es no saber volver. Ver algo en un sueño que volvamos a ver cuando despertemos, por más que queramos quitarlo de ahí. Te deja pensando y dando vueltas en la cabeza. 
Lo que creí que no podías controlar era lo que te daba vueltas por la cabeza. Pero si se puede. Quitando todo estímulo artificial. Todo uso y abuso del propio cuerpo, por aunque sea un corto periodo de tiempo. Everything goes back to normal.


Every artist’s dream is dying on a stage. Life and scene are one. It is the symbolism of perfection. I loved The Black Swan, the movie.


“You can be one with that, in a certain way”.


Did Jesus drove attention to himself? Did he seek that? 


It is okay to always know what acting in a certain way will do to you. What others will cause you when you choose to be a certain way, act in a certain way. 


What if they all hate me? I’d have to live with that. Or I’d stop living. Either way, It won’t be of importance forever. Or is preventing it, making it any better? 


Self suggested, mythological prophecies. That is what are psyches are. That’s why you need to learn that you are apart from that. Free from that. Unattached. Unperturbable.


It is not the case anymore. Everyone was medicated and treated in the name of love. The degeneracy has changed shapes now.   


You show the shitty parts of an adversary. You show the good parts of yourself. Propaganda. History is now going to go in your favor. 


Los que no creen en el significado creen en las leyes. 


Me cuesta creer en leyes tanto como a otros les cuesta creer en la metafísica. Una se contrapone a la otra. En la metafísica no hay reglas predecibles. Solamente el hacer sentido va a revelar una nueva cuestión que va a ser aceptada como cierta o rechazada como falsa. 


One act of kindness and selflessness can change the world. 


A qué edad decidiste morir. Ese es otro salto que hay que dar de antemano. Porque está sucediendo, quieras o no. 


Even if the future doesn’t end up being what you planned, you didn’t lie to yourself. You can’t lie to yourself in the future or yourself in the past. You can only lie if it’s for the present and eternal. You can only tell the truth, in the same way. 


Sometimes I type too fast and end up exhausted. As if it was a race, fingers/mind and I nailed it. 


La felicidad y la plenitud vienen de la creatividad. 


Somos en relación al arte y la naturaleza.


Hemos conspirado para despreciar nuestras reflexiones no instruidas sobre las intuiciones de la vida, los juicios que formamos por experiencia. 


Discípulo de la valentía de Antonio Escohotado, Javier Milei, Marilyn Manson y Jordan Peterson. Puedo en lo demás, no tener nada que ver. Aunque tampoco es el caso. 


Las personas que saben muy poco piensan que lo saben todo y las personas que saben mucho piensan que no saben nada. 


El arte y el amor sin infinitos. Ahora, por qué?


Materia y energía.


Will my life be worth it, I can only know in the end.


If there's a barrier you don't dare crossing, it will torment you.


Lo que está latente es la tormenta.


You’ll only perceive what serves your purpose. 


it is normal to think that you are the only one on this. Symbology allows replica. Everything you experience has already been experienced by others before you. Same forces, different shapes.


I used to find strength in music. It could not lift me every time. So I dropped. Whatever you can endure, you are strong enough.
 
Don’t desecrate the arts.


Divide human motion into movement and you have sport. 


“Now what?”, said God. And that is all.


I fly as high as I can as deep as I can as fast as I can. I most ritualistically meditate and dive when I’m working out with music. My anchors. My grounding tools. Intense, fast. 


Careful. You don’t want to get caught in one of these dreams. 


You get through pushing your limits. There are many ways to achieve this. 


Drugs taught me by showing me my worst fears. 


You can still be pure at heart but be a disaster of a human being. 


The only limits you can’t push are your physical limits. Push your heart a bit too much and it will drop you dead. 


Deniers of truth play on the wrong side of the playground. They confused no other more than themselves. Tell the truth, or at least, don’t lie. 


It’s manhunt. But not all of them play. Some are NPCs.


There is joy in sharing. Sometimes others won’t let you share. That is worse than not giving. 


Jesus not always thought the same way. They go near death to get higher faster in order to share more selflessly. 


I have no control over my heart. But a healthy heart is a moving heart. It’s pumping. Make it pump more to feel more alive. 


There’s a character you can portray. A play you can carry on playing. One path, diversified on its way, many times. 


This is the Kali Yuga. You don’t have to freak out for all the things that were forgotten. 


You can wake up from the dream before you stop training. 


A man lovable by his voice only loses it in surgery so to find a new voice through a machine and a keyboard. 
Que empiece a actuar como un robot. “36 grados de fresquito”, como Fernando 3000. 


It's paradise here with you.


The archetypes are for the things that are easier for us to picture.


Me tengo que ir aunque no quiera. Hacerla solo.


There are so many big questions. And mostly adults ask the smallest. Fishing for people's names and stories that go nowhere.


I wanted to remain strong through the things I didn't like.


I used to be left alone so I could think. I loved staying alone, thinking.


People seek isolation to be left alone. You only need yourself to ground back again.


Disconnection from body will get you in trance. Scorpions bite. Mosquitoes bite.


You fit in the space you fit in. Cargo boxers and a beer on hand.


A bit of control over our valves.


We are seeing how the path of great men and women are formed.


I went from multiplicity to unit. Twice.


Otros definen la parte que mostras de vos. Decidi que mostrás.


Bad doesn't mean good and good doesn't mean bad.


Hermits seem to seek avoidance of all people. All trace of humanity. To find themselves.


Cada vez que vengo a un festival de Gualeguay me arrepiento de estar viviendo el momento. Conversaciones sin sentido. Euforia fingida.


I seek comfort in the woods. With the light of a fire.


Oh. Krumbay. Todos los años la misma canción por años. Ya no existe esa tradición, la están forzando.


Me cuesta porque no recuerdo lo que ya se que me voy a aburrir. Es insistir.


Mayor sobre menor no queda bien, al reves si. Yo no se que escalas toco. Ayer Gonza y Pocho por blas dijeron que los habia sacado de su zona de confort la tocada del otro dia. Esta buenisimo lo que grabamos, aunque habia un monton de errores. 


Concentrar toda tu atencion en eso que estas haciendo. Autista. Al conversar no ir a ninguna parte mas. 


You can't tell when you are losing consciousness. You are just praying it doesn't happen. 


No estoy acostumbrado a mirar con mi espiritu arriba a la derecha. Estar bien centrados en el cuerpo.


Es de suponer que la vista esta separada del observador. 


Buen guitarrista no es el que tira mas cosas random en menos tiempo. El deber del musico es encontrar la musica. No enguantarse la verga. 


Sense oh humo.


Music you can dance, even with mistakes. You become a part of it. You heal it with us. 


The laws of universe/mind could prevent mistakes. That thinking something means something. We were told that what we thought meant something it didn't. The laws of the universe 


Ask yourself what someone else meant and you'll go crazy about it. 


It means the exact image in my head. 


You just have to be brighter than the darker part of you. Compare yourself with who you were before. You never met somebody else. 




I am already an artist. I might as well embrace it. 


Hasta las interrupciones quedan bien. 


La musica esta en exactamente como sono aquella vez. La proxima vez ya no sera la misma cancion, ya no sera el mismo rio. 


I work for myself in the future. 


I come here to incarnate old spirits and show them to you. Spirits have already been named. 


Their performance is up to them.


They don't let you think because they condemn your thought. How will you make sense of it. 


Prevent yourself from mistakes by working for yourself in the future. 


Nothing better than working for yourself in the future. 


Abro mas los ojos para concentrarme y menos los oidos. Asi lo logro. Es un acto real. Mirar hacia lo que estas haciendo. 


Los temas se van descubriendo en distintos videos. Porque los temas tienen siempre el mismo nombre, pero no siempre significan lo mismo. Nos han vendido los pensamientos en un mercado por nuestras cabezas. 


Ser claro en las comunicaciones cuando me hablo a mi mismo en el futuro. 


Hablar de algo parte de un centro. 


Estan siendo claros en su lenguaje corporal. A mi igual no me interesa. 


I work for myself in the future.


It is okay to fix mistakes when the mistakes are technical and fixable. Take the time, work over them. 


You edit with what you have. 


Cualquier camino es un laberinto. 


Have something to do with everything. 


The relation we have we the senses of experience are different. We project ourselves in reality by talking in first/third person. And from that everything else rises. Once you realise non of this need and I, but instead it is everything but (-) I (+).
Something that exists is, at the same time, everything that it is not. Because there lies its limits. 


"Si fuera por ellos, me harian mierda". Y fue y probo. 


Mi gran problema fue siempre actuar sin cuidado.


Voy a montar discos con las grabaciones que encuentre. Todas, si son del mismo dia, pertenecen al mismo album. 


Peliculas sonoras voy a hacer. 


No tenia que forzar el momento de la escucha. Hay un momento de almacenar. 


No hay etapas de renombrar. No hay cadenas de trabajo. El workflow es un proceso creativo. Lo divertido esta en ver como haces para encontrarle la vuelta a algo. 


ZOOM0016 fueron en el campo porque se escucha la ruta y los palillos en el piso golpear, la bateria. Un plato. 


Ser lo mas claro que se pueda en los comentarios. Todas las veces son distintas. 


Los cigarros son una cosa alquimica espiritual. 


Think of your mind as a river that is never the same twice. 


Alli donde este la musica tengo que abrirla. 


Voy a hacer musica en programas de video. 


Who would trust themselves in the past? We distort the idea.


Do I know exactly what I'm doing? Hell no.


Make the cheering stop.


Pelar las cartas. 


Music is glue. Make the cuts needed done. 


Alt 0.


The horrors of imprisonment. 


‌I never am a smoker when I'm not smoking. 


The passive do not play the game. 


Nadie dijo que habia que convencerse de algo que fuera falso. Todas cosas verdaderas haran que te libres de la neurosis. 


Lo injusto de ser juzgado es que podría salvar a los demás. 


Jesus además de salvar a los demás estaba salvándose a sí mismo. 


Do not go out at night. It is dangerous. 


I just pictured the bottled in a place that it wasn’t. It happens to me all the time. Being used to things being always in the same place. But I never find them, because I don’t put them In the believed place. In reality, I don’t think things belong to a certain place, but in actuality, when I remember I expect things to be there. It would be better for me if I disciplined myself into organizing the things that I expect to be there for me when I want them back. 
In drums I should also play my own songs. If its all MIDI in the mind. Nothing has content, no sound, no shape. Acquiring knowledge requires shaping it. You shape the way of your thoughts. God is scared shitless.


Order things by thought structures. What relates to. Then organize your files and folders. Who cares about the dates or who was in the picture. 


Odio los problemas personales porque son innecesarios y me hacen perder el tiempo. Mas los pienso, mas tiempo pierdo.


I wish I did much better, sooner. 


Don’t waste your time thinking what you could have done better. 


Te arrepentis cuando no haces las cosas que crees que debes. Pero está lleno de cosas, entonces hay que trazar un camino. Por lo menos dos veces entre ayer y hoy me recordé que tenía que pasar a drive notas que había tomado en mi teléfono. Ahora las borre sin querer. Sin haberlas pasado. No se ni como hice. 


Want to learn about something? Divide it. 


Meditate to go through it. 


Perdí un montón de notas. Es la segunda vez que me vuelve a pasar. Primero con las canciones. Eso pasa por no terminarlas, no publicarlas. Y es que al final uno elige el tipo de vida que quiere llevar. 


How do many people do it? It mustn’t be so hard.


Si decis que el mundo es un mundo cruel, posiblemente estes experimentando emociones negativas. El faso te plantea sensaciones negativas a las que tenes que sobrepasar. 


Perder los datos me enseña lo que significa la quema de libros. Hacer desaparecer de la historia las revelaciones de miles de personas. La biblioteca de Alejandría. 


La tradición son historias que viven hasta hoy. Pasa que ya no las vemos. 


You can be thinking many deep thoughts and say them outloud and sound crazy. This is the craziness that should be put out. I was disappointed with the world because I didn’t see that which I knew, existed, because I had a place for it in my consciousness. 
It exists, everything that consciousness have a place for. It isn't that which you choose not to recognise. 
What you choose not to give space in the mind, takes space in the body and spirit. The mind can overcome both the mind and the spirit. 


Many have spoken up against “the system” but we are fighting for many different systems. Traditions can be held without systems. 


“En mi época los cagabamos a trompadas”. Pero no sabía que cada vez eran más. 


Cuando alguna gente te manda a llamar. 


No le hablen a los propagandistas, hablenle a quienes fueron esclavizados por la propaganda. 
What something would mean now would change the present forever. So be careful what you mean. But in pursuit of truth, you have nothing to fear. Ignoring truth was what made you hide in the dark. Small and weak. 


We are all spiritual beings.


El jorobado de Notre Dame y Frankestein que onda?


No puedo recordar una linea de las que estaba en la nota que se me borro. Asi que, siendo sincero, no las extraño. Cuando se que las escribi yo con corazon, se que cualquiera me hubiera gustado poder leer de vuelta. Pero de eso se trata, de dejar ir las cosas que queres de vuelta, y que no vas a tener de vuelta. 


Escribía como de piedra. Ahora escribo como de agua. A veces escribo con fuego y a veces con aire. 


Revelation is where being and knowledge meet. 


Your mind is source of all sorts of new information you didn’t know before. We all like to know. 


Si me muero, por mucha tristeza que pueda dar morirme, no me daria ninguna tristeza si estuviera muerto, y a eso lo se. Aun asi, creo no poder evitar pensar en la muerte con tristeza. Es la misma experiencia que la de perder cosas que vos creaste. Es como si me eliminaran la cuenta de google de la nada. 


The goals of the morals is one for the individuals. 


No podes ponerte mal por los problemas que otros no ven en si mismos. 


I have a problem with weed and sleeping. And the phone probably. 


In the past I thought “let’s see how long it takes for it to come back”. It is a dangerous way of thinking. They were all realistations. Things I did not want to see, but did. But they changed your entire reality. From one moment to another. Because every single detailed shapes reality. If you find out that your girlfriend was an entirely different person, your whole reality would collapse. And that means that your self also would collapse, if you didn’t know it existed before. 


You publish so you do not loose what was written. 


Thoughts are not demons stalking you. If you think about them that way, you are condemned, by your own thoughts. Thoughts are created. And you are the whole part of the creative process. Except you can’t find the beginning. Nor the self. Yet, you recognise you exist. And so do thoughts. So exist. The first light shines, the rest is yours to manifest. 


Nos enseñaron a exprimirnos la cabeza.


Que te llamen loco. Como con todo, hay una buena parte de locura y una mala parte de locura. Locura siempre es a la vista de los demas. A la vista de ellos mismos seran personas que no pueden ver mas alla. No tienen consciencia de un monton de cosas de la realidad. No se conforman en relacion a ella si no por fuera de ella.


Habia escrito bastante en las notas esas. Lo dejo ir y vuelve. 


Even then, there were different characters and states of being. 
The primitive men had consciousness. 


I will lose all my friends. I will lose all my family. I will lose all love. I won’t lose myself. 


Lo que está escrito puede condenarte tanto como puede salvarte. 


No vuelvo a usar nunca más las notas. Tenía la sensación de que ya estaba llegando a llenarse. 


Every universe of possibility is self actualising each instant.


Something I create can be interacting with something I'm seeing. 


You discover your attraction.


I can taste other people's spirits.


I couldn't remember what it was to not know.


The spirit has no body but expresses itself.


They make you doubt your conclusions.


Irrecuperable. Palabra de terror.


Spirits come in all bodies.


Strength is ancestral.


Jesus didn't like human authority.


El problema fue encontrar contradicciones en comentarios de otros sobre vos. Eso puede ser, pero eso con esto otro no. 


Mentirosa era.


No me privo de escribir nada.


Dos o tres días de escritura, perdidos para siempre.


Certain fantasies made sense. Certain others didn't.


That's myself in the past talking about myself in the past.


It always could sound like you are bragging. 


Lo mejor es que no te importe nada ni nadie. Tus actos los determinan tus creencias.


I heard them as if they were all.


El rol que ocupa quien te habla es un factor importante. 


Uno depende de cómo te vea el otro. Podrías morir.


I'll play the washboard.


Their dark trips are their dark trips.


Homies will catch up.


Y si en lo que no creías es cierto?


I will never believe that I'm really going to die. Impossible to grasp.


El Papa quiere ocupar el trono de la casa de Dios. 


El Papa simboliza a Dios en la Tierra. Que arrogancia.


“Because it’s bad” should mean something. 
“Being alone is just not good” if you only pursue your own interests. 


If you think the entire universe is talking to you, you’ll go nuts as reality cracks. Reality cracks, you crack with it. If you think you talk to any part of the universe you are aware of, you’ll stay in truth, forever sane. 


Soy el estereotipo de muchas cosas. 


Como se miden a ver cual tiene el Dios mas largo? 
Dios es individual, Dios es personal, pero responde a todos, las mismas leyes. Los misterios de la existencia. Nadie puede encontrarlos por vos. Por eso, la religion es personal. Y lo metafisico es mas importante que lo fisico. Las creencias en la realidad y en lo que la realidad se fomentan fundan las bases de todo lo fisico. Se manifiesta en reglas y orden para quien. 


Tripping and writing. Lo mismo que el amigo de los hongos. 


Tripping is observing revelation. Describing it by typing or with a pen, reinterpreting it, fixing it (if you still remember what it meant) or edit it. Communicate it. 


Muchos autores se olvidaron de ponerse a corregir. O no les dio el tiempo, porque muchas veces se morían. 


Tengo covid. Espero que mis viejos no se hayan contagiado. 


Everything is connected in this universe. This pipe, this keyboard, this mate, this termo, this phone, this fan, it all connects to me and to themselves and themothers. 


Do you want? I teach you. 


Am I doing any harm by believing in something? 


War was a show for the clueless. 


Mis pensamientos son literalmente largos y profundos. Empieza en un punto y lo sostengo como si sostuviera la respiracion. 


Me chupa un huevo lo que digan.


If you say that, and you believe that, you ahve to back it up. 


Pocas veces senti mas la piel de mi cara que ahora. Con el ventilador en la pieza. Siento la barba moverse. 


I forget I have feelings. 
I don’t take them into account. That’s how I know I forget them.


Because I've been told, I believe I'm in danger. Then act in fear, then what I've been told happens to me.


Masajes en la terminación nerviosa.


Hace mucha diferencia tener a alguien que crea en vos. 


El juicio nos aleja de la verdad.


People try to use good people. Until the used feel abused and stop being good people. That’s what happens when you lack the true reasons to be in harmony with others: inner peace and positive emotion. 


The body, the only material, is the only thing keep in us in the dream, as weird as that may sound like. Your body responds to certain stimuli, but you can certainly transcend it. The dream is over after you transcend the body. Imperturbability is being awake. Is knowing the differences between this and that. 


You wish you were wiser. Every time you made a bad choice. Knowing that should be enough to rethink your choices before making them. But you can’t choose to kill the impulse every time either. Being wise will make you find the difference between a good and a bad decision, before hand. 


I produce so much material that how much I lose doesn’t bother me that much. 


I’m thinking things about now and sometimes about the past, and sometimes as if it was the past, and sometimes as if it was the present. You can treat your imagination as if it was the present. 


Slaver wishes it’s son would be sick so they could take care of him. 


No damage is irreparable in the present moment. All moments are broken in the past. All broken remains broken in the future. You can only fix the present. 


All this time that I’ve been here I’ve been healing. 


Why do I laugh at all of this as if it was a joke? Because tragedy or comedy, it is the same stroy. 


When I need to renew my songs, I know I’ll renew my head. But it takes time, once you start to like your mentality. But any closed mentality is powerful as consciousness and contemplation of the universe. 
Changing your dreams can take time. It can be done. 


Traumatised thinking how high I can feel. stigmata, grandson. 


People get killed for speaking up. There is a risk in it. Is there a risk in publishing music? 


I do not have an image to back up. At least I do not know what it is. 


Quiero escribir, nada mas transmitir conocimiento. Intercambiar con el entorno. El entorno es virtual. Tenemos un hardware y un software. 


Tech guys are a new specimen. 


In fame you’ll find the condemnation you seek, the redemption, the sacrifice. For good or for worse. Fame is political. 


A video that once was and got deleted, will never be again. 


Como puedo dar por sentado el futuro si siempre aparecen variables que no tenia en cuenta. Porque el universo es mas grande que mi consciencia de el. 


The meaning of life is to find your gift, the purpose of life is to give it away. PP.


How long can you maintain that state of mind?


Can I write my pain away? Can I exorcise regret? Can I regret something so much that I cannot live at peace anymore? I thought that was the case. But I was proven wrong. Not only you can live happily in the present moment, but you can cure past traumas and future reactions. Nothing better than that you can do. 


Empezar una obra de ficcion es un juego. Se abre por cualquier parte. Una escena puede escribirse de infinitas maneras. Una vez que se que la infinitud es una variable, se que puedo ser godhead. Me lo recuerdo. 


There’s nothing God did that you can’t do with your mind. That’s your nature. Infinite power. 


Move your neck. Or it will get rigid. 


Am I a reasonable person? Do people care about reasons at all? Why do I care so much? I know everyone has their reasons, but not everyone deserves to be forgiven. 


I can change, but no only by willing. You need to know the operations behind your behaviours. The reasoning dictating your behaviours. Check your reasons. Everytime you get lost in the maze, breathe, come back to the present moment. Contemplate, perceive, spend some time with close ones or reading about the real world, real people, real experiences, religion, everything metaphysic helps. Uninspired? (can’t find the solution). Read. Inspired? (solutions are flowing). Write. 


In family the connection is unconditional. 


This is the right thing. 
Why not do the right thing. I can’t find a reason. I can’t find a reason to do it either. Because I’m going to die anyway. Why risk my integrity and health, for what time I have last. Maybe to see the positive change you can create on yourself and others.


I didn’t have the right meaning for certain words. 


If you start learning a word associating it with a certain topic, your root meaning will be that one. Every thought you’ll have about it from then on will be associated with that universe. When consciousness amplifies it’s meaning, it can change. A thing in the material can mean infinite things, depending on who’s watching it. 


Remembering is going to the time where you thought that. You can’t remember an event but the thoughts you had at the event. I though I only needed to be smart. But no, smart I was from the start. Having a mind makes you smart. I needed to be myself. And I didn’t know what that meant. What does it mean? Every solution, I’ve found in spirit. And I see now a realm where others, many in history, have written about before me, providing many more reasons to keep believing this is the right way to think. The richest, healthiest way. The way where’s reasoning behind it, but even more, respect for misteries. 
Respect for misteries means that you know, already, before exploring any new ideas, that the possibilities are endless, and the conclusions you might taking are wrong. There is no need to take any conclusions. 
When you do not respect the misteries, you believe you are always right. You do not think of that that is higher than yourself before thinking about it yourself. You have the power to do that and to trascend your own limited thinking. There is no need to doubt for thoughts to be presented. I can picture a lamp on the ceiling and describe it. There is no doubt in that, but definitely a thought. I can almost hear it and all. I can hear myself write. Most certainly a thought, and there is no doubt in between. 
Living in the culture of doubt makes as live in an eternal crisis. 


Let covid reach it’s peak. As if you were high, disease will get to you like that. No matter what you do, it is within you, and so not up to you. Breathe harder. Just do that. Push cell back with healthy oxygen. 


Am I capable of feeling any positive emotion? Then I’m fine. 


Why do I not want to look at my chest pumping with each heartbeat. 


Verte la panza mientras respiras es tambien un poderoso trance. 


Each sentence come through revelation. What the fuck am I doing. I can check the requirements of being one of them. 


Noche covid. Calambre en la pierna derecha. Dormida. Parece que no puedo moverla pero si.  A quien le parece entonces? No sé. 


Hay más que no se que lo que se que no se.


Estar cerca de mis viejos me lleva a tenerlos en cuenta. 


I wouldn’t go too far to say that every thought is revelated (revealed).


The only way out is in. 


You can overlap reality with imagination. 


Exagerating things can be funny or terrifying. 


Estaba pensando en VN.


Be a model of mentality.


I would have liked that to be the first time.


It's always the first time. Every time.


Have and interesting mindset.


There are non verbal ways of communicating.


Maybe I should keep writing. Maybe I should start listening to music. Maybe I could close my eyes and feel any positive emotion. 


Ask yourself where do you want to shine light on. 


People do not know what's on the other side of the camera. Or who's watching. Streaming has no interaction. The camera fakes it. So does the screen.


Too hard, being funny just by being random. 


No thought repeats in writing. 


The deep questions are necessary. 


“Whatever needs to be said”. The title of the book. 


Poor guys studying to write with a specific purpose. Philosophers have an advantage in writing and it is relying only in what is on our mind. Whatever comes is getting written. 


444 forever. 


Exposed too young to too much shit. None of the people I know are what they used to be. Same gestures but a bit more bitter, a bit more angry, a bit more hopeless. Tired. You too were affected. It happened to all. It is an era.


I need to transmutate it into violence. Learn to fight. 


I'm just going to provide asking nothing in return.


Information have no space. 


The lightings are the matrix of this reality. Space is formed with them.


Wanting to do things was my most difficult task. I wanted to contemplate.


I know I can write now because I learnt the secret of the writers. Waiting for revelation to come before they start writing. 


Some don’t use the images in their head, in their favor. Those who don’t use them in their favor, will be used by them, against them. 


The Akashic records are the mind of God. 


The smooth transitioning. 


Letting songs go is a sign that you are again changing. 


Carelessly you are not sure about your intentions. But you don’t dissociate of them. You know sometimes you don’t need them. If you did, you’d bring them back to you. 


Meg is often in my heart because of the music that I still keep in spotify. Rainbow kitten surprise, the strumbellas. Great songs I wouldn’t otherwise know and changed me greatly. Many times I’ve listen to them. 


Music serves you to save memories. Go back to past memories and relive them knowing you have the energy to challenge them and overcome them. In the present moment, you can embrace everything.


You see what your heart sees. Because your heart does that, you do that. You intent with the heart. 


I knew the path ended in the heart before I ended it. That’s the thing with truth. You have to find it. 


Being in the present moment is a mental process. 


I may believe that I am, but all did, and they were all right. In the universal experience, we are all the same. 


I don’t need reasons not to do things. If I think I have no reason, then I better have discipline. Because certain things ain’t not needed to be done. 


I write in deep trances.


Writers interrupt often their thought with an spontaneus “maybe it would be nice if I called my parents”


How do you know it’s over? Key to every horor movie. 


So how do you know you really woke up? If you feel nervous. Do you think it’s coming back? You are tripping. But then, the song finishes, and the trip comes to an end. Yep. You really woke up. And now you are calm. 


I like horror movies with happy endings. 


My religion is not my “taste”. It’s the whole of my beliefs. And the way I believe they operate. And I believe I could prove it, If someone would let me. Truth needs someone willing to hear, because it’s ready to be heard. 


I will write horror movies with happy endings. 


You write and everything goes away. A new song starts and change your tripps to better moods to write different things. Creativity is infinity, and you can flow with it in any way. 


Lo que estaría bueno es hacer un mashup de Moon Hook. Hacer fiestas “tematicas” (de musicas tematicas). Moon Hook, nosequechops y la otra. Bandas de sax jazz, las partes bailables mixeadas. 


One is never fully abandoned until one’s forgotten. 


I don’t need reasons to do nothing about that. 


DJying es abrir una cancion desde una cancion ya hecha, y crear otra, tuya. Cualquiera sea. 


Si estoy nervioso, hago paradiddles. Y listo. Que mas necesito. 


You could start feeling unsafe without realising it. 


Philosophy of fear. 


I’d like things out of my system at least for a while. Good songs remain good songs, but not always are easy to listen without being irritated. 


Voy a organizar mis playlists por lo que a mi se me antoje. You soy dueño de los nombres que doy a las cosas. 


Lo que se donde clasificar, y me tiene cansado, se va de los liked songs. 


Se que vine a hacer en grande porque se lo que quiero hacer y se como se hace. Capaz me sale como el orto pero ese es otro tema. Nada tiene por que salir mal. Sin embargo, sale. Dios es todo lo que uno no es consciente. 


Did I fix it in the past? Did i fix it in the present? 


I can think in that certain way because I know how to produce it. 


Don’t judge so hard, I’m trying my best to figure it out. 


Don’t be attached to who you’ve been. That’s both the beginning and the end of the journey. 


Movies half video half audio. Black screen, audiomovie, segment. Image and dialogue in between. 


Montage only the meaningful actions are put in the scene. Could do a try. 


24 december metaphorical birth of jesus christ. Is it a coincidence that I subconciously decided to publish my first premiere made song?


Let people talk shit. Let them be the source. 


I upload things so I can move on. 


You discard anxiety. You don't escape it.


No te regales. No te vendas tan barato dijeron. Jesús se regaló.


I don't chase, I attract. Whatever comes to me will have to find its own way. I focus on becoming greater. The bigger the magnet…


"Vení que te likeo todas las fotos amiga".


Whatever is found in pictures is found in person.


I learn by doing nothing but sitting down stoned as fuck. Tell me I'm not a philosopher. The philosopher's stone.


The moral path is one to be able to do it all.


I want to do this, but i'll hold. That's how you build up.


Conspiracy theories are supposed to change your reality.


El comunismo es una especie de religión.


Great defense better than great offense.


Deep dive finds love in the sadness.


I play drums while I think about what to play think next. 
I can’t write while I’m playing. But that’s how I thought it, as if I was writing it. 


A veces estoy muy ido. Como que algo me retiene en el sueño. Es lo que creo que es la realidad. La realidad es que estoy aca en mi habitacion, tocando el pad y pensandolo todo. 


This is the best era for music. 


Fashion what makes you the art. What you wear provokes an ambient. According music. I suppose. 


The dark realm can stop being scary. 


I can’t remember which thoughts came through revelation and which ones I forced. 


The saviour is the clownest of all jokes. 


Dissapointment comes from knowing everything you can think of, someone else already thought it. I see my angels through my eyebrows. 


One playlist for each spirit. 


Me comunico con stickers. 


The present moment teaches you everything you need to know.


Sassy. Una playlist.


Aureola roja contorno de los ojos. Aura?


What's the meaning behind it?


-puedo entrenar también
-también
-(?)


Let the wheel turn.


Your hometown won't support you.


Que las fantasías no te hagan descreer de lo que es real.


I already moved the date. Provocative date.
This is what the elders meant.


Things always happened after Christmas.


Talking while being thirsty is one thing.


The mutilations of being born in an unsafe house.


Ojalá hayan comprado algo dulce ahora para Navidad.


Se hace sin levantar mucho la perdiz al principio.


When you believe you have the power the power ends.


Cash not ass.


Dar de qué hablar.


When you become you forget who you were.


When I'm with others i forget that they are others like me. That are equally as deep but have not yet realised it. What's the whole world over an impulse? Infinitely bigger. Our life on earth matters how it is now. Will matter in a different place sometime else. Philosophies change, evolve. Philosophy is the study of thought. Through history, many different things have been thought.


Pensar fue por mucho la palabra que más exprimí. A las otras las pensaba pero se agotaban. Pensar no porque era el nombre de la operación. Nunca volví a meditar sobre el pensamiento hasta que encontré la escritura. Hay que desarrollar más la comunicación no palabras.


Te acordas por más que no aparezca ninguna imagen. Acordarse no es solo un trabajo imaginativo. Recuerda el cuerpo. Recuerda el espíritu. Those places where I have marks I've been deformed.


I'm just not wanting to accept a theory. It all sounds so stupid just now.


I flow with things as things come.
I live in the present moment.
I do not fixate. I do not obsess.


Funny buddha talked about worrying. We call it a disease.


I always make a pause before i speak and second check them before i say them.


There are no special talent in a supernatural way.


I will lose all my friends. They are already fading away. Dissolving. 
(That for example is just an image in my head, i don't believe it).


Te da tristeza porque son como chicos.


Hay gente que mala que vive cuestionandose pero al final hace mal igual. Y gente buena que vive cuestionandose pero al final hace bien igual. No podría hacerse sin dirigirse al bien o al mal.


Va a llevar el mismo proceso entenderme a mí que entendés a otros por más que para mi en mi cabeza estas claro.


Volví a meditar sobre el bien. 


Si estoy tranquilo, lo puedo delirar.


You mirror your actions before you enact them.


God and Satan are both spaces of meditations. The two realms where everything correlates. Coraline. What a great movie.


You don't understand. It is not something I purposely do. They are things I realise when I'm done doing them. Not my actions, but my beliefs and attitudes, my way of thought at the time. When your mind processed it all.


Don't go out without coming back to the real world first. The imaginative is for when you are alone. With others, man of action.


When i work on something there nothing in moving towards but something i move forward.


https://youtu.be/E2bOLHwg4pA
Estoy usando la misma remera.
25/12/2021


No te muevas entre lo que dicen otros. Solo porque no tiene sentido.


Lo que piensan unos piensan todos. No de la misma forma.


You are free to walk from here to there. Words aren't stopying you.


The lion king is revealing. Mufasa "hay que decir la verdad".


Infinity with. God is the.


I was so calm. So calm things got so beautiful I wanted to cry.


So I am an enlightened being. Now what?


Don't you think I can trick you? Difícil distinguir la realidad a la no realidad.


Dr. Manhattan y la perinola.


Handle interviews chilled. Grateful.


Grateful your way to the top. Like Dillom pa.


Todo lo que digo is across times; across spaces. That's where it checks with reality. The present moment narrows your way of thinking to this single moment as the only one real.


The 0 is the present moment.


Meditating you figure out how formulas are formed.


I'm an enlightened being so what.


El cringe se te va meditando.


El tiempo ya no se detiene para mí. Fluyo con él. Ningún problema me retiene. 


Keep intensity to the level of conversation. Mirroring. Austin's dad was good at that. According to him. Which means he is now good at that too, but he does not recognize it. I know many things from when i grew up that had not to do with my relatives, but with the way my mind worked. Many realisations. Someone should have stop my nightmares for me. Someone older and wiser. 


Celebrities are the elite of capitalism but anyone can be elite. That's why we are getting random. 


Get people to see what you want them to become.


Acting is deeper than many people think. They act. They do exactly what the word means. Use your memory but waste no time trying to remember. I used to force myself to remember.


You self scold yourself.


All this random strangers that are definitely going somewhere.


Disappointed because God didn't find you.


They process us as animals at birth.


I could cry all over these pages but it wouldn't make a difference. Not even I would be able to tell if I reread them after.


I've been asking questions about my mind since I was a child.


Genius just because I discovered the secret all of them share. Anyone can be one.
Thinking as others think is something you can do. 


La Biblia es el camino correcto. Falta el libro de la posibilidad.


Celebrities are victims for what they are exposed to. So many fake meetings. They read tarot outloud to you and offer you a hug on camera after you make them feel bad with your fake predictions.


This is the start of why I fame.


Belief is deducted from many thought structures.


Those who know God have a thing to move towards and a thing to move away from. God is the whole. Then there's Good and Evil, God and Satan. God father. God child in the same level with Satan. Satan is the other son of God.


Maestro de hacerse el boludo el abuelito.


You don't marry just the light.


Symbolically I'm right about everything i say because I'm talking about my mind.


Como vas a hacer una película de terror sin mostrar la luna.


Hereditary no era una buena película. Era morbosa y efectista.


No hay ningún mantra que sostener. Se te olvidan todos. Y está bien que así sea.


Con covid escribo estas líneas. 


Dan Harmon. His mind is stuck in loops.


Masturbation is not sex. As moon is not the son.


Everything could have escalated much worse.


Carelessly be good. 


I couldn't have than it without them.


I've transcended myself.


You can’t believe what the great teachers taught. All human, do not forget. 


Life it’s filled with great teachers and bad teachers. Bad learners become the new bad teachers. 


History is filled with great teachers. 


Tradition honours the passage of language itself. It’s evolution. It’s origin. You’ve got to go back to trace them, with the certainty that you won’t find the answer. But you can play guess with a firmer ground. Narrowed consciousness. 


We narrow are consciousness to find an answer, then we come back to being all. 


Get in trouble. Troublemaker. Stigmatised when decided to stop.


Keep organising spotify.


I am not THE. I am ONE.


Not the but one. 


It was a period of myself interrupting myself. Not letting myself do things. Because of so much responsibility. I was not willing to take. 


Less peaceful when it’s more divided. And that’s how it is. Being divided. 


Que no falte el mate. 


I was my worst when I tried to make myself the least. 


No one’s lonier than the one man trying to explain to the world that he’s changed his ways. 
Alone in the saloon, the old sad cowboy.


Cigarettes are a reminder of the wild. It is dirty, smelly, it burns your fingers, it is messy.


Podes trascender cualquier creencia. 


What’s the highest you can aim at? 


Overnight success takes decades of daily work. Paulo Cohelo. 


Could you use your vices for the best interests? If you could, should you? Or should you quit vices? Are vices bad on their own, or “pick your own poison?”. I think is more like the last one. All the darkness can rely on tobacco for example. The one example of self harm. Of risk. 


I swore things to myself. Now I know the relevance that that had in my mental declinage. 


La gente es ingenua de lo que ocasiona a la salud mental que todo el tiempo te muestren una cosa que no es. 


Te muestran una cosa que no es hasta que te la crees o hasta que te das cuenta por que no es. 


The following events are retriggered from the first one, by association. Your brain can do that voluntarily, and you did it without knowing that time and many others. It was an instant sign to shut down. Solve it. Trust me while I go through this I know… Many people have done this and spoke about it. But many just won’t listen. 


Lo único que tengo que hacer es gastar de la mía. Eso es una responsabilidad mía. Yo entiendo que Marx se desentendió del mundo y no porque era malo, sino porque se absorbió en su mundo. Entendió la importancia de sus escritos. Yo creo, que al contrario de Marx, no tengo ninguna responsabilidad. Si quiero me plancho todo el día. Pero pasar hambre por autonegligencia te enseña responsabilidad sobre tu cuerpo. Y suministrarse es plata. Hacer plata. Gastar plata. Es tu responsabilidad. Eso queria decir, me quede a la mitad y ahora se me fueron las palabras. Ahora ya fue. 


In the moment I think of it, I will think the truth. 


Life is all about thinking and saying; not thinking and not saying. Illusions and delusions. Many lost in small dreamworlds. They are dreamworlds. They are real. Imaginary friends is also true, but it disqualifies the nature of the dreams. As if they were thin air. They are not. They start as thin air, but then slowly become dirty water, then deep dark, then earth, then fire. That’s the whole process of an idea. I just saw it in my head. A puff is heard, an idea appears. Air plays around until it becomes this watery thingy that keeps dancing. It goes dark and muddy. It becomes rock solid with the heat of the fire. Part of the mod becomes fire. The ether.  And the other way around. From fire, chaos. 


I lost track of my body when I was always thinking. 


Fume (condensed air). All energy expresses itself, free, in air. Starts compressed within fire. 


An autor *wrote*; never believed or said (as if he meant it). Maybe he couldn’t edit it before dying. Writers write through revelation. Meaning they do not check if what they wrote meant what it means in reality or if it means in fiction what they wanted it to mean. 


Smoke like a young.


Vibration is nowhere in reality nor nature. Vibration is repetition. That’s our hack to understand reality. Stopping it to dissect it. 
 
Te enseñan responsabilidad sobre tu alma. 


Yeah to this same roads have walked many others before me. 


There are thoughts that come complete. 
There are some that come in completely different ways than the one that was planned, beforehand.
There are thoughts that come incomplete. 
This is not one.


I’m just bringing prima matter. To whoever wants to work with it. 


In my entire book I try to prove myself a point. 


I just want to scream. Extreme confusion in a funny way. 


You can’t really prove if you said things in an appropriate way or an inappropriate way. 


Celebrities are treated like dogs. But the thing is, the industries have many wolves disguised as sheep. 


There’s some good ones disguised as wolves as well. 


I knew what I was doing. Even when it doesn’t seem like it. Because it is not something you would do right now, you can’t think of it again in the same way. 


Everything aimed towards that direction. It has to work out. Present moment and orbitating, not rotating. I can’t rotate on my own in a cosmos full of universes. 


They say to you “go grab it, you won’t regret it”. It is fear pushing you behind. Fear is always grounding on real things but exaggerated. Of course I do not want to be hated by my hometown, even less by my country. Even less by my friends and family. But if I know best what? A path where the only implicate is myself. The only rule my will. They can’t blame me for not being present. I’m present everywhere I go. I wish I was present surrounded with enough resources to manifest all kinds of creations. Instruments, recorders, a time in the mountains away from all human contact. Disconnect from your body, go get some knowledge, play some chords, read some lines, taste some things. Enjoy it. Come back to your body. Let reality sink in again. 


I communicate better through a curtain. 


Use the date to tag as it is never the same. 


Otros me transmitian su odio por ella. Y yo escuchaba. 


Through photography, I learnt to appreciate reality more. You listen to people who meditate on those subjects. Film directors and photographers. 


Organize by content. Content creators meditate on those subjects. 


Organize it so it’s easier to create content. 


Ask as if you are not hiding anything. Because you aren’t. It is not a technicality. It is the secret of life. 


The Bible is supposed to be the zero. 


I keep things if I like the music in them. 


What you keep is for projects, future projects. You keep what you like. Discard what you dislike. In the long-term, you achieve great projects. In the midterm, You dissociate what’s trash from what is good. 
I’ll keep making music from videos.


Pasan cosas. 


The present has no real echoes of the past.


Con covid intentando encontrar colillas en el tarro que sean aún fumables. There’s nothing badass about it, it is foolish stupidity. But since I’m only harming myself, I want to do it. 


Smoking you meditate on ashes. Smoking is an anchor.


I’m not better at reading others because I do not watch them. But I could analyze them as I do with everything else. Something tells me someone is still angry for having his girlfriend and I talking in his head since years ago. 


“If I have a body, I’ll use it”.


Who’s judas I don’t care. There’ll be one. 


You learn, unlearn and relearn.


The guilt is more like a reflex to go say hi. I have it still now when I know I'm quarantined in my room.


Waiting for them is energetically chasing them..


El futuro y el pasado están en la oscuridad.


In the midst of chaos there's also opportunity.


Create morally. Meaning, with morals in consciousness.


Nothing but a perfect tummy.


Suffering for not finding a way to alleviate boredom. Happiness for knowing that you do not have to. It will just go away. It is a matter of attention.


My space is my space across time.


Pelotudo quien no puede hacer nada bien.


A positive does. A negative also does.


She was bad for me because she wouldn't let me work on myself.


Resentment develops over time. It's the dripping of past thoughts.


You trap yourself with the things you've learnt in the past but refuse to unlearn.


Better to learn how to unlearn what's not true. 


Videoclips were my reality. MTv.


To heal listen to the source.


You don’t have to and that is true. 


Only thoughts and ideas are irrecuperable. Think of all of those books we are missing now. All the ideas that weren’t manifested in actuality. Didn’t find it’s way into expression.
 
They make you horny so you take the opportunity without thinking. That’s how you are pulled into industry. Learn to let that moment pass. Nothing comes to an end after the build up. The only end is death. I know I’ll do good because my intentions are good. 


Where shall I build my principacy. 


I’m going to believe everything I say and let’s see what happens. 
I can believe at will. 


Solo esta pasando en el cuerpo y en el cuerpo es siempre igual. El momento terrorifico siempre se expresa en el cuerpo como tension, paralisis o contractura. El momento romantico se expresa en el cuerpo como cosquilleo o calidez. El momento asqueroso se presenta en el cuerpo como retraimiento y sensacion del reflejo vomitivo. El cuerpo es atemporal. 
El asco deberia salir por el cuerpo. Vomitarlo. Esta bien. Tiene sentido. 
Yo me preocupaba exageradamente porque no podia llorar y sentia que estaba que no daba mas de tristeza. Despues aprendi a llorar pero medio que te vas trabando. 


Todo el mundo esta tratando de entender lo mismo. Si elegimos solo escucharnos, como hacemos ahora, empezamos a escuchar siempre lo mismo. Si damos lugar a la discusion, podemos empezar a ver como resolver mejor los problemas. 


Que nos conviertan en comunistas, pero que lo digan abiertamente. 


Aun despues de dar su gran ultima linea, Se desato con furia y ordeno que me mataran. Y aun asi, que? Que fue de ella. 


Puedo escribir como si ya estuviera muerto. 


Puedo imaginarme que estuviera sucediendo. Yo muerto y ella teniendo que tener eso en la mente para siempre. Cerro con la linea que queria, pero valio la pena? Es la pregunta que tarde o temprano salio. “It had to be done” won’t cut it anymore. When you wake up. 


Esta es la revolucion de la plata porque ahora la tirana es la madre. 


Soy la consciencia entre todas las otras cosas porque soy consciencia mientras soy todas esas otras cosas. Soy mi cuerpo, quizas, pero tambien soy consciencia cuando soy mi cuerpo y no soy mi cuerpo cuando soy mi mente, pero si soy, tambien, consciencia. 


Let’s then pretend everyone is clueless and in reality is just autoritarian neurotics vs freedom lovers. No big plan, just what’s most naturally individual, expressed as a collective. We, the world, the entire humanity, connect in spirit. Express something about ourselves. It is about time we recognise what’s exposed to us. 


I live in the shadows seeing the realm that no one can see. 


No one can see what I see because no one can be me. 


I might just as well be dreaming that I’m dead and I’m now her consciousness across time. But who’s the dreamer? Who’s having all those things in her consciousness? If nothing did happen. 
There is a 0 and a one in a reality aspect too.


You realise things that you already somehow knew. 


Demons are karmic reincarnations of the past. 


Vices are timeless reincarnations. 


Pardon my french. 


Music get’s heavier with time.


Just don’t get involved with those people that you think are not good for you. 


Writing you can see what you are thinking. 


You open the doors you want to open. 


How many things I don’t see as I dead. How many I still do. No need to unlearn anything but what’s been learnt wrong.


How big is the image in my mind? Sometimes I think I can tell. That I almost can see it overlaping reality. 


Those people are moving geometric objects consciously. They could do it creatively. I think they just don’t know how to. This barrier is breaking. We’re going to be able to imagine more vividly in the future, when all of this is learnt. 


The noise is kind of what you are all not seeing. The noise is what it is not, yet is. 


0 is noise. 


I’ll act as if I’m right and see what happens. 


Joke accordingly to your morals should be core value. 


This books is never ending. 


What will JK Rowling do with her notes. 


“Se me fue”.


Learning about spirituality is like living in a new dimension of reality where otheres cohabit with you. The spiritual realm. Symbolical but correspondant. 


GG Allin lo hizo. Se cago y se meo encima. 


A veces exploro ideas que no necesariamente me interesan. 


“How much of themselves do they know?” is an important question to ask. 


No thanks. I’m fine. 


Do I regret something of what I wrote? I certainly do not. 


Pursue the energy with breathe. The sensation. Where is it. Exactly. Seek it.


I'm allowed to do it as long as i don't touch it.


No tiene que hacerse dónde empieza uno y donde empieza el otro.


Agarramos y reordenamos los sonidos para crear nuestras canciones porque las de las naturaleza ya nos aburrían. Sonaban siempre igual por más que nunca fueran las mismas.


It is about my approach to that every single time.


Vibration travel like electricity.


Los beach boys me conectan a ella aunque no quiera.


How far is it still considered a mistake? What's unrepairable i'd say draws the line. 


"Let me explain…"
"As if I knew".
Titles.


"Wasn't there something important I had to remember"


I've got happiness. Now what do I do with it.


They isolate you from others and break your reality. Make you believe you are something you aren't because you didn't know you were until then.


I don't like what publishing does to my head.


La tierra es un gran horno de barro.


Meditating the whole dream starts to make sense. 


The story of your life is just one big dream. You are conscious of it only throughout your existence. 


What too much of people does to my head is make it loud. Full of sources, when I just want to hear the one. People talking about god are talking about themselves pursuing the one true source within. 


Un espíritu grande lo que te da es presencia. 


 I interpret what I produce. Irony of the mind. I don’t know who I am. 


You can’t begin to think what things mean metaphysically before you see what is real. A string broke. While I was playing a song of mine. 2.20 am. 


Con razón se desafinaba tanto la guitarra. Se acaba de cortar una cuerda. Tiempo del cambiazo. 


Que se produzca música es algo fortuito. Yo solamente tengo que aprenderme las cosas con el cuerpo. 


Dangerous not remembering what was real and what was not. The key point here is that it does not matter at all. Come back to the present moment. If you don’t learn how to do this, you could get stuck in a dream. That is what happened to most of the people I consider to be crazy. One of them dresses elegantly as an 1800's man. He believes he’s him. But in this same manner as he would believe he exists in this dimension as well? The one that is occurring right here right now. 


No importa si me olvido de lo que estaba diciendo. Leo lo que escribi y pienso más cosas acerca de eso. Uso mi introspección. 


What does not matter is that which is not manifested. 


If you go for a while you’ll start missing the reality of people’s faces. 


SI no pensas en las estructuras narrativas, te vas a ir por las partes mas aburridas de tu imaginacion. Lo que escribas va a ser una mierda. Cuando estas disfrutando de pensar, ahi es cuando tenes que escribir. A veces es lindo solamente pensar.  


Lo que me tengo es autoconfianza. No sabia que asi era. Confio en mis planes, confio en que puedo llegar a ejecutarlo, confio en mis ayudantes, confio en la serie de eventos que vayan a desencadenarse.


I wish Jordan Peterson would read my books. I wish he would made a video afterwards, explaining what is wrong with my reasoning. 


When you start writing, you become this machine. Becoming implies that it is over time. Becoming requires the time it takes for it to go from being A to being B. 


Indice de locura? Pensamiento creativo a aguas estancadas. 


Si estan aumentando el caos es porque se viene el reventon. 


It is fine to not want your emotions to be so strong all the time, no matter what emotion. 


The thing about meditation, prayer, spiritual contemplation, is that you regain the strength you know you have somewhere. You get it back, because you know where it is, behind all that noise. 


Exquisite writer would be the one that could write down what’s on their mind 


I’ve learnt all the tricks to be a genius. I used to read them online.


La secuencia puede ser igual de completa. Igual de vivida. 


Solo hace falta googlear como ser mas inteligente para despues abrir un nuevo sueño. Tengo un millón de libros, pero de todos leo las primeras páginas. 
El librero es el gran soñador.


You cannot tell if they know you are not from around. They could be pointing fingers at you behind your back. 


Te diagramo un sistema en dos segundos. Soy más estructurado de lo que creo. Tengo estructuras en la mente. Muchas. But it is a fluent structure. It changes over time, it needs space to grow. 
Pumps, unorganizes, expands, closes, compacts. 


Me gustaba pensar. Pero también me comía el personaje. A veces ya no quería ser ese pero no sabía cómo. Estaba pensando en lugar de estar hablando. Cuando hay otra persona enfrente con la que estas queriendo tener una conversacion, lo ultimo que queres hacer es pensar en vez de hablar. 


The universe pumps, creates space, fills it with matter. 


Why not say all the bullshit that comes to your mind? 


Soy capaz de ponerme en la consciencia del otro. “Y otra que hay que hacer es dejar de usar el celular a la noche” y yo me engancho ya asintiendo. Fui, en mi conciencia, su conciencia. Me imagine tirado en la cama con el teléfono en la mano. Me acuerdo de como opte por dejarlo largo rato antes de ir a dormir para poder pensar claramente en la oscuridad de mi habitación.


Lo que es muy dificil de comprender es que con la escritura podes expresarte sobre cualquier cosa. Tanto es asi que no sabes bien que es lo que queres expresar. No se trata de lo que queres, se trata de lo que es tuyo. Expresas tu propia voz. 


Mi propia voz. 


Don’t choose the dimension you are going to think in. Let it come. 


You can choose the type of consciousness you are having. La comodidad es a la consciencia. La plegaria, el entrenamiento, todo es para la consciencia. 


To experience it in the flesh. 


What about your experience. Share that. 


La autobiografía es lo último que un autor se animaría a escribir. 


El tiempo sigue sucediendo. El tiempo nunca se congela. Hagas lo que hagas. La ambición es infinita. No hay un vacío que llenar. Hay un vacío que perseguir. El propósito de la vida es estar vacío para así avanzar. El propósito de la vida es la incertidumbre, porque es lo único de verdad sobre el futuro. 


Pain is pain. Resentments are echoes of pain. 


Es a ver quien tira la posta más lejos. 


“there was nothing in there that couldn’t make it worse and therefore that must be wrong”. JBP with stephen fry. 
https://youtu.be/EVSZrnxRO3o


I couldn’t find no one to make me come back. JBP, Milei, Campbell, Christ, Socrates, Hermes Trismegisto,


There’s a good side and a bad side and the difference is one of consciousness. A consciousness that is timeless, infinite, allpowerful. So, it is a dream. In the dreamly realm, there is a good side and a bad side. 


“Y bueno y había un hombre y… estaba mojado…”. Me imagino intentando explicarle a huguito después de que me preguntara “a ver que estas pensando!?” asi de la nada cuando estaba re colgado. Ni me acuerdo y se me fue enseguida, pero hasta ahora me pregunto que habré estado pensando. Puedo haber estado pensando en cualquier cosa. 


There are some sad, sad dreams. Those movies you do not want to repeat. The Ring, Seven.


You choose to mirror sadness, or anger. Fear is just in between. 


La palabra más importante de “pensar en cualquier cosa” es “en” y es a la que menos prestamos atención. 


“Si, mi hijo escribe muy bien”.
La mujer relojeo un poco los escritos.
“Autodidacta?”


El chiste más corto de la historia. Ya.


Chequear nuestra salud mental es chequear la calidad de los pensamientos que tenemos. 


“tengo que andar con sutilezas porque vos venis con pelotudeces” 


Lo que no funciona en un rato no funciona y ya fue. No da forzarlo. 
Chau ya fue. WAck. Cuack.


Había palabras que cuando aprendí a escribir en la computadora, me gustaba escribir. Cuack. Cuack. Chucho. Chucho. Chucho. Chucho. 


Le agarre aversión a mi nombre y me desprendí de él. Chucho. Chucho. Chucho. 


Transitioning cannot be one personal political bullshit. 


“Ustedes cuando piensen en ellos, piensen que ellos tienen asi mucho mucho odio” y aprieta el puncho y los dientes.  


Para cuando entendi que es lo que habia ya aprendido por experiencia de consciencia (anteriormente, en este mismo largo sueño), yo ya los entendía. 


Es todo un sueño la concha de la lora. 


¿Por qué la teoría del género está mal? “Bueno, porque tengo mi propia teoria y creo que tengo razón. JAAAAAAAAA. Aca va. No sabemos que somos.”


Everything can sound like a TV show in your head if you want to. It could be not healthy. 


No me interesa nada en la vida porque me voy a morir. 


Delirios biblicos tengo. Pero conscientemente. ? Lo loco que suena eso. Como podes tener delirios, si los creas vos? Porque no sabes que los creas vos. 


Por simbología, Dios nos hizo creadores, tanto a hombres como a mujeres. Porque es consciencia, y nuestra consciencia es de su consciencia un reflejo. 


Meaning is just like a video in your head. Tell your own story, as you go. 


Volver al mundo real es dejar de escribir.


What lacks is subtlety. 


We need our mothers. They reject that female energy. We believe they are against us. We reject that female energy within us because we do not like it. Disharmony. 


They could doublegate a man’s will. And, the bad ones, for nothing. 


Los flashes vienen por no querer interrumpir un ruido que estoy teniendo.


El fumón se sobresalta por cualquier cosa que pasa.


Now we are filling that space. 


I started writing when I said “well, yeah, but I could make it better”. And started improving my lifestyle. Having a happy life is about having a good lifestyle.


Pienso “esto podría haberme dado cierre”. Mi habitación podría haber estado arriba. Me entere. Pero al final la hicieron atrás. Se cagaron un pedazo de patio. Lo que necesitan es aire jajaja están muy locos. 


Por simbología, mi habitación es arriba. No consigo acostumbrarme a estar acá abajo. De muy chico yo vivía más cerca del cielo. 


Yo aprendí “Angelito” de las viejas. 


Me, wanting to prevent thoughts in other people’s heads. (?)


Self harm is the strong impulse to act, registered in the body, in a previous experience. 


I would ask that psychologist, 20 years later, 30 years later, if he would still ask today, knowing what he knows now, the same questions he did. 
“Mhmm… Mhyeah”


I can only be myself in english, like what the fuck.


Tienen el ojo entrenado para lo politico. Solo ven el esfuerzo politico, nada de esfuerzo artistico. Son pobres en el criterio artistico. 


Sera, verdaderamente, que mis personalidades cambian en un idioma o en otro. Y la respuesta es obvia. Si. Cambiar de idioma es cambiar de personalidad. 


*dando sermón de brazos cruzados a Blublu, sentado en una silla del comedor*
Blublu le tira el trapo y se va. El trapo le queda colgado en la cabeza. 


Nadie sabe lo que es ficción y lo que es real. Yo lo se al momento de escribirlo, después ya no. 


Aprendan a leer los guiones de la forma que me gusta a mi. El contenido, creo que democráticamente se llega a ver lo que tiene más importancia. 


¿Cuántos episodios podes robar con esa misma gracia?


El desafío de los directores es actuar con otras personas que también quieren ser estrellas. Lo que los directores puedan comunicar cambiaría la forma de actuar de cualquier autor. 


¿Ibiza es anarquista? 


Voy a hacer el mate. 


Escribo como si solo fuera a verse después de muerto. A ver que tan lejos llega la cosa. Si queres ser grande no podes no llegar a Dios. Que barbaro. Que impresionante. 


All non believers are yet non believers. 


Tengo el espíritu de David porque leí la gesta del Marrano. 


Yo estoy perfectamente. 


The journey is spiritual. What happens to the body is what we can perceive. The heart beat skipping. The mosquito bite. You flow in mind, in trance, in spirit. All day in trance, writing my notes. 


“They are already in a relationship”. About artists. Buzzsaw something.


I know what would happen if it would happen to you. 


“Asi es la vida”. Si, pero tambien es asi y asa y asu y ase.
 
Tomaba de todo para mantenerme despierto siempre. Cafeína. Cafe. Cafiaspirina. Tabaco. Mate. Chico asesino. 


Debería hacer una película sobre Gabriel. 


You see angels within some. 


Make sure your head is a nice place to be. Advice for a good life. 


Todo el mundo tiene un centro. 


https://youtu.be/EVSZrnxRO3o
Why else.
Old fashioned.
This is the whole war. One says the truth the other one quotes authors and names. 


Hay una guerra y muchos no saben para que lado tiran.


“Tamo re achedeeee” todos cantando rotos en la joda. 


I yet do not know what it means a high level of consciousness. 


We are all animals. But we should not live all at the level of animals. Stop communism. 


Out of gains morality emerges. They are all good when things are good because of it. 


Am I giving them a voice on this? Of course not. Ideals do not have a price nor another voice. 


I imagined myself being other near the person that I liked. 


No estaba seguro de que la libertad fuera el camino correcto. Pero lo es si queremos convivir con otros. 


Veo hombres en los bosques. Distintos planos y angulos. Todo en mi mente. Quien se atreveria a decir que no tengo razon en que todo es un sueño. 


En ingles no se si me acuerdo tanto de mis amigos como en gualeyo español.


The King who died in the throne. Dissolved by the pursuit of knowledge.


We dissolved into the dream and we dissolve out of it. 


Esta clarito que el sueño es otro.


I would have shot myself too If I were them. I thought that in the past. 


Don’t tell yourself all the “hard truths” (hardcore exaggerated beliefs) if you don’t know what the truth is. You’ll swollen your brain.


You are meant to dissociate. 


Antes cerraba los ojos y flasheaba que estaba en cualquier lado y me asustaba. Ahora viajo pancho nomas. 


You need a safe space. 


Si pudiera ser las cosas que creyeron otros alguna vez de mi, que seria? “Mejor compañero” en la escuela.
El ultimo en reconocer que podia ser bueno fui yo.


We all trigger the same dreams, that manifests explosively or exposes gradually. 


Como ser de la izquierda a largo plazo te vuelve mas estupidos. 


“I know I’m seeing it somewhere, but I don’t know exactly…” vs “Oh yeah, Hobbes”, “Oh yeah, Foucault”. The authors does not matter when is your voice speaking up. 


They print your beliefs with words. 


Dissociative is a superpower. But not your only superpower. 


Tell me you can’t quote a thing per each thing that is said. Always. 


Religions are the teachings about our cores. 


“Lo has pensado de verdad?” se llama el juego. Hablemos acerca de por que la mente es divina. 


“El poder de la mente”, titulo programa. 


Cuantas cosas que escribo nunca van a hacerse ni sucedieron jamas. 


Ya tengo el mate hace mil rato y no lo he tocado. 


https://youtu.be/CmVQuiT0OTw
Difference. Dissociation.
What is negative is that is happening unconsciously.


Either is a consciouss thought or is a barrier. 


Scandal. name of the band.


This is the book most wanted. Not yet known it’s desired. 


Knowing that something is desired. That’s how you know something is good. 


I’m already far away. I can dissolve in one to go dive. Dissociative. 


Dissociative disolution. 


I was like this too when I was worse. There were moments of peace. There was enjoyment. But too much abstraction. Today I come back to present moment many times each day. I let myself go but after I check I don’t let myself get abstracted somewhere. Abstracted. We are abstracted by whatever is distracting us. Why would things that are not here and now, distract you? There’s plenty of things to think about when there are things you do not want to think. When there are more things you want to think, there aren’t so many things to think about. Otherselves vs oneself. 


Not much to say when there first needs to think. 


We are all scattered as a society. Our thoughts. 
We do not let them be lasting more than a day. We do not realise the big deep dives we are in. 


Lo que es pecado es ser devoto. 


Devoto tengo los dos huevos.


Many good and bad things have happened. 


The apostols where people transcribing what other person thought. People that did not want to sit down and think about those things themselves. They could have done it as easily. Fucking prophets. 


It is now that you realise how many there are. In V they did the same thing. People didn’t know, just intuied. 


Speak with your one true voice and that’ll be god. 


Morals dissociate us. 


Morality is a path you choose to walk. 


https://youtu.be/MgRImntOPb8
Dicks.


Torture is trying to dominate over your attention. 


He made it worse.


Sometimes is bruto sueño and you haven’t realised it. 


You ask how can you still be scared of dreams. And yet you still are. 


I wish I could smoke the entire day. Constantine. I need to learn more about smoking and the decision of embracing it or quitting forever. Escohotado fumaba. Einstein. Jung. 


Play requires ability. 


You get hooked in different drugs for the same reasons. 


Vice. Cyclic unhealthy behaviour. 


I stop caring at a young age with neither optimistic eyes or pessimistic eyes. Clueless. Adventurous. Realtiy proved my wrong. I proved myself my idea of reality was wrong. The game plays again. Until you discover the nature of reality. That I believed that reality was my perception of it. Whe I have an Idea based on reality on the past, present and future. I’m definitely wrong in so many ways. Definitely not something you can take conclusions from and expect them to remain validated for times to come. 


In the long long long long term nothing will care shitless fuck about none. But in history ideas remained and you where part of it. Looking at yourself from the dead as proud of you in the past. That’s achievement. 


Eternal dream this fucking thing. 
We interrupt them to watch the dreams of someone else. A movie, let’s say. I did not have those dreams until I knew them through movies. 


It is just a conflictive world. It builds a piramid and it looks like there is someone on top. But there’s not. Just the forces of the market at play, keeping us high away from reality. 


Manson said his world was white. Maybe for him it is. I do not know what he means. 


Querer aprender de cualquier persona te termina rodeando de pelotudos. 


Bienvenidos al canal del querido señor.


Este libro es una gran tomada de pelo. 


Encrypted individualism.


Recuerdo una cancion vieja. No recuerdo haberla tocado asi en el pasado. Sin embargo, suena igual que antes. No me convence esa idea. 


This process is as scary as it is funny. Not simultaneous but equally proportioned. There are some funny lines here. And some scary ones. 


I refuse to go hear again the same recordings I did a few days ago thinking that “it’s too soon (to get back at them)” when in reality you just think you are not going to be entertained again so soon. Reality is you are prejudging a moment that is not here. Reality is you do not remember what we played last week when we recorded. Reality is you can 


“I could make sense of it if you’d just let me alone.”. That’s what I thought.


I smoke for the flavour. Tabaco. Tobacoe. Dissociation. 


We are closer to the gods the more we have them in mind. There are gods in everything. They are called spirits. 


Every sentence is narrated by the previous.


Tomaco is a stupid joke but delivered perfectly. 
https://youtu.be/8mCGsSWYSaI
Nop. I remember it wrong. This is plain bad writing. Showing the jokes. Not telling. Not delivering. Faith don’t make jokes grow neither do tomatoes. They just found a funny word and went with it. This is the cultural damage. 
Es propaganda antitabaco. No la supe ver. 
“Asustas a los clientes, querida”. JAjaj ahi si me rei.
Random writing. What a shame the simpsons are so bad now. 


Todas las grandes mentes fuman. Esto es mentira pero tambien es verdad.


What would you do for free? Meaning without no one asking.


If i’m going to make this, let’s make it a big irony. 


I need a smoke. 


You’ll smoke less every time (that happens) because you’ll eventually die.


The time happens. 


The only thing that happens is time. 


Let me rephrase that.


So that’s an answer. 


Tabacco has this whisky flavour. 


Playing to be right is a rookie’s mistake.


Many things I say are because I heard them from others. Some I do not even know what they mean. Some I do. 


Writers know things others don’t. 


Video gives you the opportunity to see better. You can rewatch.


It was all part of the same dream. Realising the dream is waking up from it.


One could argue if one’s musicality is tasteful. But if there is music, it is music. Music found is music found. 


Empresaries looking to be the directors of their on orchestras. 
Centenary.


Writing about insanity just because. 


This is the era about making money.


Aprender de cada lenguaje, la sintaxis. 


The source of all power is in words. Words acquired through wisdom. 


At night you see the worst of people. 


I store other’s reactions in my memories as if the action that triggered them were it’s meaning. 


All of the ideas are already in your head. Which ones will you execute. 


Triturando cigarros mi viejo para fumarlos armados con manitou. 


I don’t know how much I agree with myself since I’m never truly sure what I meant. 


Ellon Musk went old before growing young again. 


Could a son understand its father? 


Father and son here are “its” since they are archetypical.
Symbols. 


“Don’t make too much noise”.
Where do I go to make too much noise?


Look at the power of incomplete ideas. Think if they were complete. 


The philosopher’s stone is what the philosopher can’t reach. Its motor and what separates it from reality. As much he wants to contact it. He can’t. The philosopher stoned. 


Horror writing is about a karmic force. 


You can picture others, everything. But you have to deliver. Only preacher are empty words. 


The surface of the speakers have to be the same one as my hands. So I can listen to he music also with the vibration of my body, not only my ears. 


What could you mean for history?


Do not mix with the wrong people.


Focus on the main quest and forget about the side quests.


I don't know and lyrics not even mine.


Time past fast when you are writting. Time writing is time well spent. 


“How am I still a fm”


He cosplays for her.


They want a man with experience. Nothing more. Nothing else. As learnt, experience can be gained contemplating, meditating. See the light in it and expand its consciousness.


I know what i do not want but i don't go for what i want.


Having to repent for saying something without knowing. How unfair is it. 


I don't care about your interests.


I thought I needed to be drunk.


I think that whenever you go and seek your self, you find ways to improve life as a universal experience. 


Whatever you refuse to address, rots. 


You can keep a dream open or close it. 


You could deform the dark to see it bright. Shines like gold but it’s just coal. 


When you struggle with pain, you tend to be resentful. 


Everything I need to write about anything, is already here. 


I couldn’t live a life without writing, but I wouldn’t have known what I missed, If I haven’t had found it. 


I create the sentences that I speak. 


Fixing sentences is a creative process. 


Fixing is a creative process. Each’s creative process starts in a different way. What triggers the dream? 


I turned out okay because I still have my father. The three times dead. 


 Religion connects us with the most primitive versions of ourselves. Early history. 


Images are just images. Jesus realised. They do not posses meaning. Related images share the same meaning. 


Related images share the same meaning. 


Purge your images from what it is wrong. 


Religions are ticks for consciousness. What connects us to our most primitive versions. 


Tobacco makes it all more beautiful.


Where can I find more peace than in my van.


Contradictory with how you are in your real life. Stage life. 


Brainwash yourself to believe the bullshit. It requires that. 


Los leones. 


Be fairly honest.


El juego de la mancha es como nos metemos la impresión de atraparnos. That thrill.


Las personalidaes abusivas se desarrollan.


I can’t. Ryan Long. I like his I can’t. 


Scripts are supposed to be enjoyable to read. 


Is there something I should abstain myself from writing? 


They did what they did because there was a moment in time. 


If I don’t read myself slowly I cannot understand me. 


There is alwasy some creepy variant. 
I can’t write music if I’m not willing to meditate on it. I can’t perform what I’m not dreaming. 


Too much weed doesn’t help you focus.


Having it present without me bothering is an achievement. 


Me frustraba porque “nadie pregunta las grandes preguntas”. Si las preguntaban igual ni estaba escuchando.


There is pride in being rebelious. Not in being agressive. 


Scared will make you grow old.


The likes make me no't want to upload anything at all.


Only what's recommended by social media.


Sounds like it magically worked when you don't understand the forces behind it. It is not magic at all, it is a formula. The magic just happens to you.


Because only nothing explains it all, God is nothing. 


Check that your heart has not gone dark before you make a decision. 


El secreto de la vida es hacerlo como si supieras. 


They see it. But no one sees it as I do. As I’m me and they are they.


Everyone is cool. That has been through. 


I write hoowever  pleases me. I write for myself and nobody else than myself. I swore to myself  and no one else. I trust myself and no one else than myself. 


Feeling stupid? Did you provoke your own death? 


Meditar es tomar dimensión. Meditar sobre la realidad. Meditar es dimensionar. Meditar es dimensionar. Meditar sobre la realidad es dar dimensión de realidad. Espacio, tiempo, sustancia. 


In the vivid dreams you can do exactly the same you do in the “vivid dreams” while you are awake. There is a reflection you can see. There is a reflection you can at the same time bei and not be. You can be awake yet fly in a dream. 


I can carry just my consciousness to the other side. To the realm of dreams. 


Wash away your sins like seawaves. 


Van atendiendo las cosas mientras van tomando lugar. Addressing them as they appear. 


Make them retire greatly.


It is exactly what is happening. Things are turning around. The cycle of life. The big becomes tiny and the little grows up.


How far do people have to push it to exorcise a demon?


Am I not asking genuine questions? 


What bothers me is knowing that you don’t know the same things that I don’t know and yet act as if nothing happens. As if it meant nothing. Can we talk about this for a second? 


This is not a manifesto. This is for me and myself only. 


Even if others could be reading, it would be for me and me only that I write this lines. 


I am here but then I’m also here. I here a loop in my head. I like it. 


Your worst nightmare is as real as your most wanted dream.


Things exist when they don’t in this plane. 


It is not that it is not talked about it, but not many people read it in the proper way. 


Sometimes I can’t hear the music. I want to be able to always hear the music. 


Frente a algo que no sabes si es cierto podes. Asumir que están equivocados o asumir que hay algo que aún no estas entendiendo. Religión es un ejemplo.


Watch one video. Start one book. To start the journey of meditation and understanding. You do not need to read it all. You do not need to watch it all. You can shine light. Or see where others shined light, and grow knowledge in there. Plant a tree. L


You don’t burn out.


Smoking is Schrodinger's cat.


There is something called stealth camping. 


Life mapping exercises.


Location independent.
Fresh start.
Freedom.
Photographer.
Hard days.


Remember your whys and the bigger picture. 


Try it out. 


Puedo escuchar música. Puedo ver películas. Adentro de mi mente.
I can add cymbals to everything. 


https://youtu.be/UGN6Kz3B47M
Solar shower.
I like people that is not stupid. 


I hate mistaken smart people for stupid people. 


33 makes me remember. 


Washington the land. 


Introvert extrovert aren’t we all?


It’s weird that I haven’t yet written about solitude. It is the one thing I have meditated on the most. Space. Blank. 


I can’t see myself doing such a thing. 


The rose. That opens up. I couldn’t see a way to shine a light on it. I thought it was a problem I needed to fix as soon as possible. Couldn’t find a way until now. 


Satan is the core. The fire within. The one that casts the shadow. God is nothingness.


Man is the son of Satan. Woman is the daughter of God. 


Para que se me vaya la olla tendría que olvidarme de volver al aquí y ahora por mucho tiempo.


I used to wonder why is it that everytime I know something beforehand, it happens. What I didn’t know is that it happened because I knew, and not the other way around. 


Things are going to happen only when you know they will. 


Ver la llave maestra. 


“If you haven’t done continue”. The title of the book. And each chapter is experiences we all have had but many have not make it consciouss. “Have you ever dreamed?”. “Have you ever believed you were somewhere you weren’t?”. 


Hay que volverse digno de ver las cosas.


Who wrote about not caring about others, was thinking about others caring. 


There are things, that by themselves, not mean. By their own very nature. There’s such a case in an image. 


NFT are a selling for support. 


Past dark as it gets. Future bright as it could be. 


Winning is habit. 


Fortune sides with those who dare.


Elite.


Because things didn’t happen we believe we were right for a start. 


Seeking all the ones you could be, you realise you are none.


You can be anyone. So you're no one.


Squeeze that brain.


Love is love for all creation.


Bringing things from the unknown to the knowing using just your consciousness. A subtlety that turned into a chain of effects. Consciousness moves, harmless, as divine light. It shows you whatever you want to see.


The ball is nothing but the ball.
0-1=1
-1=1
El 1 y el -1 son lo mismo. Ese es el secreto de la disociación. 


Creative people are great historians. 


I wish I could talk to him. Be seen so the lions come to you. You are no zebra. They are not your enemies. With attention come also allies. 


It does not bother me to be disgusting to prove something. 


“So this is what you wanted to see?”


Cause extreme pain to the ones who deserved it. 


Past thoughts and present thoughts are the same.


The neurosis disappeared. Jung viejo querido. 


Just a picture is enough to be there. You are a jumper. 


“With my mind” se señala y va y se inyecta heroína todo rancio. 


Be like the zebras. Confusion between the noise. Silently publish while you do other things. 


How many books. How many profiles. I’m not wasting my time on complicated stuff. I’ll do the zebra thing. Right in front of everyone’s faces. 


El hecho de que haya escrito todo esto prueba al menos que escribo. Me puedo llamar escritor. 


Que estupido me siento a veces. Que vacio. Cuando no se me ocurre nada. Antes vivia pensando pero nunca se me ocurria nada. Ahora se me ocurren cosas todo el tiempo. Desbloquee el poder infinito de la creatividad. 


Adopting the true form of god. Dissolving all barriers and judging by ourselves. Dissociation means there are two pathways on the same journey. Starts at birth finishes at death. 


The top of one mountain is the ladder of the next. So keep climbing. 
The fastest way to get far is slowly. Algo asi. 


I find my order by only spreading all of my chaos. 


I spread my chaos and found god and order. 


In the moment you mean them you distort them. That is the characteristic of dreams. 


It is not creative who won't let themself be.


The dream as a whole makes sense.


No man is wise who cannot change himself.


Creativity is something you discover through plays and meditation.


Past will anchor you. Find a way to keep yourself afloat.


Complete strangers will help you succeed. Not the rest.


You are a masterpiece in the making.


Being uglier can also be aesthetic.


Who can claim they don't have a cosmos inside.


Ambition is just time not stopying. You can never stop our desires. 


Al artista es su propia obra de arte. 


Smoke responsibly. 


If you can't get anything done. Change what you are supposed to do. Do not stop smoking weed. Try writting instead of being and employee. 


There's a day when you break out from compulsion. The cycle breaks, chains get loose. 


Make your thoughts communicate through symbols. 


The silent musician. 


Cosmos is a giant clock. The way the light moves in the sky manages your day. 


Is Satan light? Is Satan light (fire), God darkness?


Intermediary beings.


Highest being.


Jonathan Pageau is an artists. It makes sense. 


Win their way to the world by utilizing social catapults. 


Extroverts don't really like you but want to be around you.


Plenty of creative introvert people.


Higher and trait neuroticism. 


Open people are interested in ideas and esthetics. That's where the artists come out. 


Rooted and fundamented in biology. Creativity. 


Hability to manipulate abstraction, rapidly.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxGPe1jD-qY


Interested in ideas and creativity are more or less the same. 


Creativity and art are indistinguishable.


The goal is to have the greatest (high consciousness) thought structured (high in order) within. 


Creativity is a gambling strategy. 


Low return certain bets. Conservative. 
High risk high return. Creative. 


Foolish because risky. Foolish bet. High probability that you'll lose. But higher returns. 


Liberals start companies and conservatives run them. 


You'll bore them to death. 


Not all high IQ are creatives. Not creative accountants. Not creative lawyers. 


Creativity can't be run by a machine. 


Problem of being creative is that you are useless at the bottom of the dominance hierarchy. 


You need creatives at the top. Bringing new ideas. 


The artist always outside the structure. Or constructed their own structure. Hard to evaluate creative people.


Telling them what to do isn't going to work.


Putting them in a box is counterproductive.


Not for everyone to manage a creative. 
Not for everyone to be one. 


Find a way to integrate them.
Exploit their creativity for the greater good. 
We marginalize them.


Not easy to grade creatives. 


Creative people are as rare as the winner of races. 


You have to be more creative than everyone else. Good luck with that. 


100.000 sold copies. 
0% chance. 


The winner takes all. Within creatives. 


Creative people dream archetypical dreams all the time. Also they die if they are not being creative. 


Psychologists find (try to) where the light is, and make it grow. 


Where all the life was in that dead tree that was embedded inside of him.


It's their life blood. 


Creative. Across one genre. 
Supercreative. Creative across multiple genres.
Step outside the box. That's what creative people do. 
Think laterally. Entrepeneur thinking. 


Pivot. 


I can see my spirits. 


Generate new ideas on the fly.


Wait 200 hundred years after they are dead. So you'll know which one is art and which one a poser made.


Art. It's not liking. You can't live without it. 
Hard for other people to understand it. 
Tremendous beauty and continuous revelation. 
Study all the artistic domains ?


Entrepeneur bring ideas to the market. 


How to upload NFTs. Where.


Can't live without art.


Continual revelation.


People are terrified of art. Art brings it into your house. 


Hans Hizeck. Genius. 
To be truly creative you have to have a near genius level IQ. 
1/1000 range.


Early traumatic experiences are good predictors of late creativity. 
Early traumatic experiences are good predictors of catastrophic adult life. 
There's no reason to be creative unless there's a problem to solve. 


Geenie. Godlike force. Encapsulated in this tiny little space. Contained, not contained. 


Introverts get exhausted from social contact. 


The artists is his greatest work of art. 


You can crash you creativity.


"Stop daydreaming"
"What if my job is daydreaming?"


Once a system gets established it tends to persist.


No administrative position. 


Writers, artists, moviemakers, literary people. 


Art is not declaration. It is exploration. 


Artists teach people to see. 


It is very hard to percieve the world. 


Explored territory inside an unexplored territory. Things you know and things you don't know. 
Conservative are in the middle of the explored territory. 
Artists are on the edge. Edge between chaos and order. Expand domain of order out into the chaos. They do that first by transforming perception. 
JBP


Artists rejuvenate places. 


Tough place to live because you could fall into the chaos at any time. 
JBP.


Science helps us understand the world. 
Artists create a world that we can understand. 


Artists have been at the frontier of human understanding. 
Dream at mental life. 
You are very creative when you are dreaming. 
How can you produce something like that? 
You don't produce it you experience it. 
Visionaries that start to transform what we don't understand into at least what we can start to see and they've always been that. They've always been at the vanguard. 
Civilizing agents. The creatives.


Fuck quoting. 


It nourishes their soul. Architecture. 


Utilitarian. 


It is rotten because it spat me. 


"We do not like when people stand out"


Stick your neck out, and the lions will come.


Make more beauty in our city. 


Dissociative. Mirroring left and right sides of the body. Match both grips. Match both beats. Same with feet. Attention.


Neuronas columna vertebral.


Manipulate abstraction is absorbing and moving the dream. You can do that and you know that JBP. 


El metaverso tiene el componente de que todo lo que seas propietario vos podes exhibirlo en el metaverso. 


Many different metaverses. 


I am a culture person. 


Community building. Connection. Who's your audience. 
20 and 30 people. A team. 


Art and commerce. NFTs. 
Sell in bids. I can always produce more. 


"I'm going to support artists who I have an actual connection to, from a human standpoint".


There are standpoints. Points where you stand. 
We do not have to clarify that you are the same source because we here you. What where is your standpoint, exactly? 


No one can tell where they stand. Being is a standpoint. 


God is a standpoint. Was located somewhere. 


The standpoints of standpoints. Consciousness. God. Self. 


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJFVM3JnpJE
Socrates como maestro de virtud solo es comparable con la de jesus.
Sus semejanzas 
fueron agrafos inmolados por desafiar a la autoridad.
El fuero interno como instancia moral ultima. 


Tipos de verdad revelada. 


Se le atribuye a Jesus cumplir las profecias de un tal Daniel, escriba cuya inspiracion no termina admitida por la biblia hebrea. 


I'm swiming through my thoughts. To focus back on earth. 


This is the wave that is carrying me up.


To be treated as the worst you've got to be the worst, in the eyes of others. 


Is it the worst or is it the best? 


Socrates nunca alardeo de que la pitia delfica le considerase el hombre mas sabio de la helade. 


Iluminado Daniel? La autoridad carece de parangon con la de Delfos. 
Afliacion divina del individuo se demuestre con literatura pesudoanimal. 
Poner la creencia sobre la experiencia. 
Grado maximo de conocimiento. 
Son vanos todos los sacrificios proviciatorios. 
En judeas querias ser el ultimo crucificado en haras del bien comun (en otros standpoints querrias ser el primero). 
Y en Atenas el otro acepta una invitacion a envenenarse, que pudo rechazar en todo momento. 
El galileo se declaro hijo de lo omnipotente. 


Declararse hijo de lo omnipotente conociendo sus poderes, es serlo. Escohotado lo sabe. Morgue lo sabe. 


En una sociedad ordenada pero no manipulada, todos querrian sacrificarse por el bien comun. Porque cuando te preguntas que es lo mejor te preguntas que es lo mejor para todos. Y las bases fisicas en comun son pocas. 


Jesus se declaro hijo de lo omnipotente. 
Alegando tener trato asiduo con el. 
Socrates insistio en saber que nada sabia. Salvo unas pocas cosas descubiertas por observacion y reflexion. E identifico dogmatismo con debilidad mental.
Viendo en ella el obstaculo primario para la concordia y el progreso humano. 
El invento socratico. La ironia. Es el modo mas profundo y eficaz de rebatir opiniones. Porque sencillamente las deja explayarse. Colaboramos en su propia exposicion. 


Los liberales pelean a ver quien es el mejor liberal. El mejor para la humanidad. Todo verdadero liberal tiene filosofia propia. Hablar de liberalismo como si pensaran todos igual es un error. 


The greatest irony is that the best person in the world is also the worst.


Para investigar hay que tomar la precaucion de olvidarse de uno mismo. 


The recopilator. 


El derecho no lo dicta la justicia sino la fuerza. Borgias. 


El tratamiento ironico. 


Sagacidad y buenos modales. Discurso que reinterpreta todo sin levantar la voz. Socrates y Jesus hablan asi. So textos sagaces y de buenos modales. Para decir grandes verdades a traves de la ironia. 
"Aristobulo. Si la fuerza dicta el derecho, le ves alguna alternativa a organizar el destierro inmediato de tus herederos?
Aristobulo: Que ocurrencia.
Socrates: pero el crimen es una criatura de la fuerza o es el fruto de respetar el derecho?"


La gente peligrosa es la gente que es volatil. Buenos somos todos. 


Viendo a Manson en Koln entendendi lo poderoso que se puede ser. 


Si la fuera dicta el derecho.
Y 
El crimen es una criatura de la fuerza.
Entonces
De que derechos estamos hablando?


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cV5125rsEXw
Categorias que resbalan continuamente. 
Interior y exterior. Continuamente uno se va convirtiendo en lo otro. 
Las drogas deberian ir de conocimiento, amor propio y placer. Tres cosas dignas en cualquier situacion y circunstancia. 


I live in the irony of life. That is my standpoint. That is why no one can understand me since I'm reflection of none. I reflect what the world is not. That's my standpoint. God. And not knowing. Omnipotent and ignorant. 


Only two human traits
Omnipotence. 
Ignorance.


Prohibicion y fragilidad de la naturaleza individual. 


Sustancias que influyen en nuestro estado de animo y percepcion. 


I cannot trust someone while tripping. No matter how close we are, we do not know each other. That is always true. But trust, implies that you just trust. You trust yourself and not the best outcome, but the wisest choices from then on.


Don't be scared of the human fragility.


Drogas que dan o prometen paz. 
Drogas que dan o prometen energia. Cafe, anfetamina (mucha da un ataque inicial de sueno), cocaina.
Drogas que dan o prometen viaje psiquico. 


Cada vez se hacia mas dificil entender a escohotado. No se estaba volviendo estupido, sino que era tanto mas sabio. 
Que hombre sabio. 


Siempre estuve buscando la sabiduria en los demas.


Vitamina K o Ketamina. 


Ayahuasca. Combinacion de plantas amazonicas. 
Amanita muscaria, hongo.
Salvia divinorum, planta.


Que le pedimos a cada droga. 


The mistake was, he created a world to live in. So he had to stuck with a character. Healthier to flow with the natural movements of the world and change constantly. 


Do not reject improvements. 


DMT gran droga visionaria de america del sur. 


En la practica la superacion del dualismo, a mi juicio, es obrar con la mayor rectitud que nos permita nuestra limitadisima capacidad individual. 
Somos poco como individuos aislados. 


Somos animales sociales en sentido aristotelicos a niveles que no podemos ni imaginar. 


Droga y farmaco son la misma cosa. Pharmacon. Mismo sirve para matar que para curar. Es prodigiosa por eso, asombrosa. 
Pharmakos significa chivo expiatorio. 
Magia, farmacia y religion no son campos deslindados con nitidez por lo menos hasta que aparece la magna figura de hipocrates inventando la medicina cientifica alla por el siglo quinto antes de cristo, en grecia. 


Tiene que renacer el afan de conocer. Renacimiento numero dos es este. 


Con el Renacimiento renace el interes por las drogas.
Tocar nuestro sistema nervioso como toca un experto violinista su violin o un pianista experto su teclado.


Principios del siglo 20. Prohibicion.  El misterio no es como se come y se bebe del Dios. Es que demonios tiene aquella capsula, que demonios tiene aquella pastilla. Y el misterio se a pasado a la dosis. Falta de transparencia en la composicion. 


En la droga solo la dosis hace de algo un veneno. 


Hipocrates. Las drogas no son ni buenas ni malas. 
Si las drogas son espiritus neutros. Dependen de persona, ocasion y sobre todo de dosis. 
Su composicion es misteriosa. Ese es el talon de Aquiles de la prohibicion. 


Droga de placer es una droga de abuso. 


They wanted us ignorant of all the bad things and made it infinitely worse. 


La juventud, en un ejercicio de desobediencia civil masivo en todo el planeta. 
Ni junkie ni enfermo. 
Las drogas no estan ahi para mentirse a uno mismo ni mentir a los demas sino para sobrellevar mejor los pesares de la vida. Para aumentar nuestro autocontrol. Y para darnos momentos de placer o de menos dolor, en cada instante. 


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNHc6CyhvC0
Ojo, no seas memo. Profundiza. 
dosis sola facit venenum
No hay un veneno que sea inutil.


Para ser mas sabio, primero hay que ser mas honesto. 


JBP moldeó mi pensamiento porque trajo a mi consciencia cosas que hasta ahora no habia considerado. 


The first mistake was being born. 


I hold within smoke all that is dark. That is what fire produces. Smoke. Everytime you throw light in an unexplored territory, smoke covers it all again. There is an entire cosmos, but not everything shines all the time. Most of it remains dark to consciousness. Only what's conscious is shining light constantly. Living in the present moment is shining light on it. 


You have the same laws in the world that govern our spirit and our psyche.


Lo único que sobrevivió por haber hecho la habitación atrás en vez de arriba, fue la ventana, justo arriba de la que era mi cama, dónde solía acostarme a fumar y ver cómo salía el humo hacía arriba y fuera hacia la ventana.


Yo fumaba porque me gustaba el humo.


Hay un fantasma en cada lugar donde tenes miedo de ir.


She didn't care about mental health and i only cared about that.


"¿Qué pasaría si desarrollara esta idea al máximo?". Es una pregunta para hacerse cada vez que se presenta una idea.


What's within you? Tell me your dreams.


Where's the observer? That's the standpoint. In fiction and reality.


The only difference is, I know her secret. That stays within, across space, across time, it does not matter how long she chooses to not address it. 


Status you can lose. Character you can too. But one you can carry with you, the other one you can't.


Somos victimas cuando declaramos a otros, el problema. 


Por tener huevos tuve después pesadillas. 
Por no tenerlos, todavía tengo. 


Nothing actually has to happen in the real world for it to happen in the inside realm. Not fixing, not breaking. It is only internal forces operating within you, nothing else. 


There are many ways to reach the same end. 


Experience gave me realizations. Experience by itself is empty. But conceptually. Because experience without realization, is it at all an experience? 


You can't keep it but you can spend it. It is not yours but you can use it. It has no limit but you can waste it. You can't experience it but you claim to be real. Time.
Time is beyond being.


Gusto tenia. Vamos a ver que hace. 


Sometimes I refuse to listen. Sometimes I don’t want to stay sitting down. Sometimes all I want to do is sit down. Rest. Let everything process itself while you relax. Put your body and guard down, and shut down your ears.


A veces toco musica y puedo escucharla, otras veces estoy sordo. A veces la droga no lo arregla. Es una cuestion de animo. A veces no se de que tengo animo. Podria hacer cualquier cosa con esfuerzo o ninguna sin. Da igual. El tiempo es el mismo. Energia, por mas que creo que no, deberia tener, si dormi un monton. 


Como se si la pepa me pego? 


What part of my time should I dedicate to others? 


All singles. Remove all selves of the equation. 
The thing itself is not disgusting. Nor should it be. What things mean and what they mean to you are different things. That’s family, a places where you now how to shine light at everybody, according to their possition in the family. 


One part humanity wants to ignore all the issues, believing that’s the way to be possible. 


Dissociate. Meaning you can mix many things from different nature. Your thoughts are apart from you. 


What’s the small brother supposed to do? 


Dissolve your standpoint of your very memories. 


Most writers won’t remember exactly what they wrote.


La diferencia entre el bien y el mal es una de grados, los extremos se tocan. Los limites se desdibujan, quizas se corran, como pasa con exterior, interior. De nuestra experiencia, como haces la diferencia? 


Despues de la iniciacion de un caso, hay que conformar la realidad. Reconstruirla. Volver a probar que haya pasado lo que se dice que paso. 


I do not have to go through it to experience it. 


Te puede calentar cualquier cosa. 


Date cuenta que en vez de eso, puede ser cualquier cosa, y elegi correctmente. 


Liking and disliking develop over time. Develop and undevelop. 


I wish I had the opportunity to talk to others about the subjects that interest me (as well as it interests them).


You do not put the focus on the mistakes of people. 


A fair price is determined by each of us. 


We pay a price for our mistakes. 


A cowboy with a moustache sitting by the table. Big, the moustache. 


Depender de la compasion de otros es una bajeza. Es agachar cabeza y ver si nos perdonan la vida o no las cortan. 


Tenemos una vision periodistica para narrar las cosas. 


“Sad because she’s not mine”. Who cares. None of them are. 


You do not earn them. They choose you. 


We have no voice on who they choose. 


The past is a memory. The future an imagination. The present a gift.


Most people don't support you until they see it's popular to suport you.


Let them help you. They like it. 


Organise by phone. 


Arrancas a decir algo desde cualquier parte y esta bien. 


Weed is good because it let’s you dream while being here. 


It is cosmos collapsing. 


A donde me meti por no saber decirle “Ya esta, me canse”. Podria haber suspirado aliviado y habria terminado esa historia que fue larga y rebuscada al pedo. 


Lo que tiene de feo volver a comenzar historias rotas es que las seguis haciedno mierda. 


I don’t care who belives me. 


The wise men say only the foolish rush in. 


Let's start the trippin. Bitter taste. Just a little bit. 
I just quit half.


Socrates se presente como ignorante. 
Lo lleva a una contradiccion. 
Caer en contradiccion es estar en desacuerdo con uno mismo. 


La contradiccion es una disonancia. 
Definicion A y B son incompatibles.


Socrates dice que no sabe. Es verdadero en cierto sentido y falso
No tiene conocimientos tecnicos. 
Si tiene un conocimiento reflexivo acerca de los limites de su propio conocimiento y al mismo tiempo un saber practico en el ambito de la discusion. 


Prefiere los dialogos. Preguntas respuestas e intervenciones cortas. 
En la charla se argumenta bien. 
Muy vanidoso.


I claim to be the copypaste that I do. 


Llamas al astuto mentiroso.


Scared that my body won't handle my trips. That is not possible. 


Son capaces los que hacen lo que quieren cuando quieres. Be sure you want the right thing.


Socrates was remembering what we as humanity forgot.


Como puedes confirmar lo que dices?


Socrates estaba cuestionando la inteligencia. La definicion. 


Cualquier lugar da lo mismo. 1111.


En el ridiculo esta la ironia. 


Socrates 


Metodo mayeutico. 
Dos momentos.
Refutativo.
Positivo o constructivo.


Socrates es una partera. El es esteril. Es un artista de la filosofia. Como todo filosofo debe ser. 


Casas culturales en el metaverso. 


The place does not matter. You make the place your home.


There are fairies but you don't know what you think they are.


Drugs should confuse you so you can make sense. 


Long hard road out of hell.


Every writer is what he claims to be.


Don't work hard, work smart.


The same life can be played as a game or display as a tragedy. 


Carelessly is dangerous. But fearless is virtuous. Act safe while being fearless.


Nunca nadie sabe de lo que estoy hablando. Pero es una de mis virtudes. 


What would it mean for humanity if you made a discovery? Ask yourself. 


A discovery is a single rememberance. The oldest one.


I don’t do what I don’t do because I have now great models. 


In each movement I have to see which fingers are dancing. Not all of them are at the same time. 


You can gain resilience to boredom by just playing and instrument. Playing pads. Tempos I cannot reach. Is frustrating. Usually I stop. But when I carry on I can tell I lasted much longer. Not necessarily you have to experience pain or suffering, bodily or emotionally, to gain resilience. Though working out is also very good for resilience. They go hand to hand. 


A veces esta en forro. Como todos. 


If such a case, I’d be going for the opinion of the great ones that I admire. 


There’s a dog crying in where it seems to be behind the door. 


Intimidation. They want to make you timid.


El trabajo no te amará.


Socrates. Por no saber nada sabe algo que nadie mas sabe. 


Sabe mas el que sabe mas simple, no el que sabe mas cosas. 


You are awareness. But how many things you are aware of is up to you. You could train to be aware of all at the same time. 
All is the possibilities of possibilities.


The possibility of the possibility of existence. Being.


Existence is all there is.


Es una novela sin ficción.


Una novela sin personajes.


Ni indios ni chinos. Indochinos. 
Indochina antes que sudeste asiatico. 


Birman indios.
Thailandia. China. 
Caldo de las dos culturas lo conforman. 


Altares budistas y altares a los espiritus. Mejor la vida, mas grande los altares. 


Temporada en un templo budista. Dimensión de eternidad.


Serenidad. Impasible. 


El monasterio, vat budista. 


Jerarquía militar en los monasterios occidentales. 


3 mesesitos de cada año. 


Suspender voto de castidad. Suspender pobreza. 


2 o 5 años de carcel por ir a un karaoke. No distinguen entre la moral y el derecho. Si lo que haces esta bien, tenes derecho. Si lo que haces esta mal, no tenes derecho. 


Para ellos los derechos son unos decretos. Hay moral y autoridad. No hay derecho en el sentido romano liberal. 


El filosofo busca fuentes de conocimiento. Las mejores formas de aprender. 


Que obras maestras existen y en que idiomas. 


Un pais es rico porque tiene educacion. Educacion significa que aunque puedas robar, no robas. 


Respeto ilimitado.


Hume y Adam Smith. Moral Philosophy. Economia politica. 


Etica es personal. Moral es grupal. La etica por excelencia es la costumbre. Analizadores de las costumbres. 


Hume. Estoico. Alaba la firmeza del caracter, la entereza. Con la mera entereza no se llega demasiado lejos. 
Elegancia del epicúreo. La humildad en el placer. Permitirse todos los placeres siempre que no lleven consigo dolores mayores. El cálculo. Esa mezcla de ternura e inflexible previsión.
Hedonismo o epicureismo. 
Primer gran teórico económico. 
Ve en movimiento y en conjunto lo que otros ven fijo y en detalle. 


https://youtu.be/EIVd9VjOZYs
Filosofia del sueño dogmatico. 
Lo que llamáis causa y efecto, yo lo llamo creencia. 
Criticar el principio causal.


La relación entre causa y efecto no es necesaria. Es creencia, cosa de fe. 


La ayahuasca es más social. Te tiene presente a todos los demás. Con factores telepáticos inquietantes.


Cualquier cosa que pasase dentro de mi, me lo estaban captando los demás. 


Tendencia a vomitar y la diarrea. 


Me asomé a mi consciencia. La vi como un tubo. Creí que ese tubo uba a esar todo escupido y estaba limpio. Me descondicione. 


Descondicionamento frente a todo sentimiento de culpa. Sabiduría occidental. 


Te mereces la dicha pero no te atreves a reconocerlo. 


Van apareciendo los otros. 


Sentimiento republicano. De cosa común. La sustancia participada por cada uno de nosotros. 


El ser y la nada.


Me cai en el agujero negro. Media hora. Estuve en la nada. Extremadamente placentero. Ayuda a superar el miedo a la muerte. 


Sin miento, sin luz, sin nada. Un goteo. 


Estoy reviviendo todas las épocas de mi vida y procesándolas de una manera más saludable. 


Hay retos para la condición humana. A lo largo de toda la historia. Lo que sucede a nivel individual sucede a nivel grupal. 


El principio de reciprocidad no lo tienen claro.


Platón. Mete todo oriente a occidente.


Hasta qué punto el ser es nada. Menos que nada.


Rasgar el velo de Isis.


Renunciante.


Dionisio Cartujano. San Bernardo. San Benito.


Corriente monástica.


Dualismo y monismo.


Una totalidad que se autoproduce. No es previsible. Observable a posteriori.


Cuando estoy cansado solo necesito dejar de escribir. Matar la compulsión.


Pueden ser infinitamente miserables.


https://youtu.be/EHzyJrSO9jY
Acá hay que evangelizar.


Jesús was not for women. It's just symbology. Women replica.


Yo vine de mi papá.
Mi hermana vino de mi mamá.


Church as school of character.


We are Satan the son of God. The flame. We are the spark. Altogether this is all fire, more fire at the core.
Is this hell. 
There is only heaven transcending that spark. Being. How do you transcend it? By the negative. 
1-1=0.
Lo externo.
Lo interno.
El todo.


Lo interno es metafísico. 


There is the top of the book and the heart of the book. 


I can't write everything I realize.


https://youtu.be/c-WsiKGsrmk
"I chose to trust him otherwise we burn in hell". Manso mongoloid. Este si es un fanático. 
Dies in order to make a public display of the principalities of powers. Se moja.


God and Satan live within. Are metaphysical. God can't act over Satan. Satan can't act over God. They are both timeless, so they do not move. They are the fixed, constant laws that make everything that exists be the way it is.


Does God suffer? Some versions of God don't make any sense.


Todos son cuerpos al dirigirte a hablar.


 "The devil gets to you in little ways". Perder el miedo no significa dejar de creer.
Nos parece ridícula la idea de Satanás entonces pensamos que eso equivale a = no es real.


I need to be certain of what my worst could be like. 


I shouldn't have done that.


Most of the things I've heard and been influenced by weren't even directed towards me.


Demonized are multiplicity of voices. God is the one true voice. God expresses through your voice.


Many glorify human suffering.


God balances within men with the female energy of It. 
God balances within women with the male energy of It. 
Women need a male god. Men need a female woman. To be better. We can’t compare to each other but pursue being worthy of the ideal of the female divinity.


Kali means time.


Nirguna. Beyond all qualities of nature.


Devi becomes Kali.


Kali. Many shapes, forms and many meanings. Lives in the space behind our eyes.


There's nothing in the male aspect of God that interests me. The female is for the male to drive towards. 


Don't jeopardise your growth.


I chose for what kind of woman I prepare for?


I didn't want to go multiple. Started unity, went multiple, came back unity.


https://youtu.be/CPRkZaUVsc4
YTP


The solar son. About everything surrounding it
 orbitating it.


Escohotado defiende que no separa entre izquierdas y derechas, si no entre libertad y autoritarismo.


Un día entero de escritura perdido. Ni yo se que había ahí.
La información escrita no es segura, puede perderse.


I can’t tell how many days a written document has. How many days of writing. I stop writing on a document when there is an issue with the file. It does not open properly. 


Why not write as if everyone else could read it, even if it’s for yourself? What resonates, resonates beforehand, and afterwards. Because what is true, gets to your ears. 


Retractarse no es de buena persona. 


Colleges are to have fun and do your chores, but aren’t for learning. 


The mind, once stretched by a new idea, never returns to its original dimension. Ralph Waldo Emerson.


You have to raise warriors. 
This is what my father did not teach me and wish he would have done differently. He raised me a subdit. In service of others. Their interest before mine. He has a big heart and so that taught me many things, like compassion and humility, but it took me the longest to get to know myself. Starting from others, it is a long way to oneself.. 


Work your way up through deadlines set by yourself. 


El arte de no encajar en el mundo y no temblar de soledad. Elena Poe. 


I want a place to call home. Mine. 


Mental health is defined by the quality of people surrounding you, according to your perception of reality. 


Consciousness expands your mind in the direction of infinite possibilities. 


There is a red eye looking inwards. 


Sometimes I do not know what I meant. Discussing, I refer to the most recent thing with the idea that I have right now. 


Get used to people ignoring you. 


Hay ciencias, y ciencias del hombre.


El cineasta se forma filmando.


If you want to write a script, you just need one line. Think of a scene. Start it. Develop it. Keep going. You now have a script. 


I see nothing special in the things I make. Until I reproduce them. Then I realize, they are mine. 


“Cediendo, como es su costumbre”.


Voy a hacer un corto. Muchos. Varios. De viajes. Mis pensamientos. Las imágenes reveladas. Casi todo negro. Mucho audio y algunas pocas imágenes.


Puede desembocar en una canción.


Basic fx.


Smoking is the only thing they won't take away from him. Gran Torino.


Te van incapacitando.


Check what happens within and what happens without at the same time. If it magically something checks.


You don't want people to see. You want people to think. The movie is a trip. Guiding attention to objects embedded in the same thought structure.


There's nothing wrong about saying things as you see them.


It makes the entire difference if the student of astronomy believes that the immensity of the cosmos is the same as the cosmos within, than if she believes that it is only outside that is that immense. The second one could not grasp the depths in the same dimensions.


It is one of depths, the differences between us. Moving depth we have reached this.


Things get deeper the more you know your center.


The inner center is a point.


I'm going to smoke whenever I want.


Las empresas estatales son pozos sin fondo.


Es raro que en las películas se crean todo lo que dicen otros personajes.


Where, from the center, are the characters. It determines how deep they are and in which direction they went.
From a point, it draws a line.


Negro y rojo.
Blanco y rojo. 
Good color combinations.


You get to choose the tone of red.


No color is equal to another.
They are frequencies.
Music and color share the same laws.


Sound and tones.
Light and dark and color.


Silence, sound.
Space, matter.
Dark, light.


Test IQ are straight bananas. You can relate any abstraction, any way you want. It is just the mind's nature.


The consciousness of animals also gets bigger over time training.


La falsa grieta es nazismo vs comunismo. Son los dos sistemas autoritarios. La única verdadera grieta es entre el autoritarismo y la libertad.


So many people at the bottom of the social ladder. Many aren't even in it. Should we climb it or what?


Does every line sound amazing when others read them through you?


You just have to get the trick.


There are many (selves?) speaking through me. Infinite. I create. But I only have this vehicle. It will all sound the same. 


Do you believe that you hold the truth? Try to prove yourself wrong.


Expression will not always be this torpe (en ingles).


Picturing someone to be the woman of your dreams. Does it make it real? 


Don't you decide beforehand, to marry the girl of your dreams?
This is a brown man speaking through me. Moustache. Looks like the guy from the meme. Astronomer. 


I just can't tell the difference about which of all of this is me, and yet I know I'm me the entire time.


Do the dissociation or watch things go wrong.


I cannot get the ones with status. 
There is a social ladder. You either climb it or look at it from afar.
I have status nonexistent.


I wouldn't do anything while being able to have a dialogue with myself.


I didn't look at them that way. Remember how you looked. Each and everyone of them. When they shone light on something that warmed you or caught your attention.


What voice is yours depends on how you look.


What vision is yours depends on how you look.


Not knowing that there is no need to do anything, will make you do the things you don't want.


https://youtu.be/ME_il7x1YVY
Peasants don't go to hell. Intellectuals go. And priests and bishops.


Peasants are really embodied.


How could you be obsessed with things that are what they are.


They all act for strange good.


Thinking is a verbal stream of consciousness.


Broca's area is active during inner monologue and speech.


You skip parts of a song when you remind them if you do not count the tempo. If you don't keep up the beat.


Does the larynx activate when inner speaking.


I talk to myself at all times.


Corollary discharge.


Broca's area. Speech production.
Aphasia.
Movement or even understanding others movements or actions. 
Here lies the spirit? Mirroring.


Aphasia: alteración en la producción del lenguaje.


https://youtu.be/DwVfCjbIJQI
Wernicke's area.


Creative thinking uses short term memory.


Take time to daydream.


Creativity has all to do with originality. Because it comes from the source itself. But what thought doesn't.


An idea could save you only if you dedicate your life to ideas.


"One way psychologists measure creative thinking is by asking people to think of uncommon uses for common objects, such as a cup or a cardboard box. Their responses can be analyzed on different dimensions, such as fluency (the total number of ideas) and originality. Surprisingly, many people struggle with this seemingly simple task, only suggesting uses that closely resemble the typical uses for the object."
Of course they struggle that's boring af.


Creativity requires cognitive effort. 


Creative is thinking in new directions and avoiding getting stuck on what is known.


Artists are the brave that live on the edge. Looking for the strange to reveal itself to us.


Creativity lies in imagining what comes next.


Living in the constant present moment you can be creative in the way you spend it because it will subtleties that name everything flow.


Plan the future and make music.


The same brain region that allows us to imagine a future is also involved in recalling the past.


I compare everything to the operations that my mind is capable of doing (all of them).


We are an expression of our consciousness as a collective. 


"Default network. This network got its name from early brain imaging studies that found that the areas it connects—medial prefrontal cortex, posterior cingulate cortex, bilateral inferior parietal lobes, and medial temporal lobes—tend to activate “by default” when people are simply relaxing in a brain scanner without a cognitive task to do. When left to our own devices, we tend to engage in all sorts of spontaneous thinking—sometimes referred to as mind-wandering—much of which involves recalling recent experiences and imagining future ones.,"


"On the one hand, remembering a past experience seems to require that we reconstruct that experience."
Of course remembering is reconstructing an experience.


"Likewise, imagining a future experience apparently requires that we construct that experience based on what has happened in the past. The flexible nature of the episodic system seems to be particularly beneficial for creative thinking, which also requires connecting information in new and meaningful ways."
All of this I can know just by being aware. 


Future and past are all the same for the creative. The present is the workspace. 


I know it all just by knowing a fundamental principle.


The work is done.


We create sonic pictures.


Light and sound.
Is matter just that? Is sound and light matter?


The empire needs ground.


Transubstantiation. Divinity.


Only genes make exact copies of themselves across generations.


Tengo que ponerme un deadline y ver que voy a ir haciendo.


The goal is to dominate the multiplicity of voices.


Push the bottom and awaken the body. 


I don't remember. I flow. 


Intuition is for being able to recall your memories.


The grace of God is just flow for living in the eternal present.


Definitely as long as I'm with me I can bare it, if not, I won't care.


I dreamt with sharks just now. The last one was at the coast. I one big shark passing by and he turns towards me. I jump back and shrink my legs. Expecting the shark's bite, I wake up (or changed the dream). To my left, the was someone with me. It could have been Joaquin Saizar.


Nothing is in its original form.  


Las cosas que descubro y leo me alejan de la sociedad. No del éxito, pero del entendimiento. 


Embracing weirdness full time will get you alone. I embraced it young. But my heart was pure. I was with the outcasts and misfits, as I believed them to be defenseless. But apparently in the place I grew up just the quantities of the material and visible were important.


Manson woke me up to the horrors.


La política es un espectro y todo espectro es cuestión de grados.


Given an opportunity, you don't think about the problems.


Sexual energy is also creative energy. As within so without.


Sexuality and broca's area?


"Ego death is a complete loss of subjective self-identity".


Thinking about it a first time is more than enough to get the snowball rolling.


Yo me sirvo a mí mismo. 


Mi vieja es un sujeto digno de estudio.


Te llama a comer cuando el que cocinaste fuiste vos.


Me fijo que hay que hacer en la casa para regalar.
Salero. Pimentero. Aceitero.
Notas para las compras.
Chulengo.
#regalo


Para tocar tengo que moverme yo. No interesa el lugar. 
#vanlife


Que se me vaya la ansiedad de hacer algo con mi vida por juntarme con mis amigos no cambia nada. A la vuelta, todo va a seguir igual. 


La impotencia es la madre de todas las transformaciones.


Sos libre cuando expresas lo que sos.


Reaching peak transformation requires maturity.


I can't decide because when I think I include others in the equation and it is a plan that, if decided to carry on, is for me and myself alone.


We are the new hippies.


The difference is that between friends there is play.


Subversivos hay en todos lados. No sé cómo no pueden entender eso.


A los 18 años me fui a Bolivia.


En todo momento trabajé el espíritu.


This is the land of the free.


Podes dejarte morir? Te pica un yaro. Estás perdido en medio de la nada.


La serpiente te coagula la sangre.


No hay que probar todas las cosas porque no hay que decir que si a todo.


En las fiestas se distinguen las tribus.


You can't do it all and you can feel it anyway.


I've been a philosopher my whole life.
I've been a musician my whole life.
I've been an artist my whole life.


When in doubt write it anyway.


You can't stop shiting.


What I liked about them was my own philosophy.


The parts that I liked where the best.


Blanquean solo los negocios que pertenecen al Estado.


Desconectarse es no pensar en nada. Yo era re colgado. Eso creí y eso practicaba.


Las defensas de la niñez no funcionan en la adultez.


Remember.


When in doubt.


If you can't feel time how is it that you experience it? Or do you at all?


Every time you want to express the same process you already had, it is a new beginning. A new creation.
This is a book of revelation. A book written the way it is meant.


We are meant to write the way we do so we set in stone things the way we think.


Half the time you think you are thinking you are actually listening.


A nadie le importa si estás iluminado.


La locura es para los perseguidos.


Que se persigan los que quieran.